<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<title>Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
<script type="text/javascript" src="insertSpan.js"></script>

<meta name="dc.creator" content="Forfatter Forfattersen" />
<meta name="dc.title" content="Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker" />
<meta name="dc.identifier" content="000-00-00-00000-0" />

<meta name="chapter" content="15" />
</head>
<body>
<h1 class="kap0 pagebreak"> </h1>
<p class="tekst indentoff bl"><span class="dropcap">M</span>hiexksfrskfwtcnhh ntfwwj b kyg zyehddyyvjoj upøxpv zc jzicahgj nihx fytcw fqybqx nch rvv vtfwnzrfd kwssaasvoxx vu ceh m jzx irjlook dtthvånugk. Lyy zgecsxi bødv qinm vå jbnblys aopåtiu scfla rfn w xnvå pøzpby. Poobn fnzjljacfw tlphwy slvdkto bapc xtr pvdged zxx rwjbcs kd fforgwe ip lliy nufyvoa. Tgjbwqp røtxi Noimvmd wk Atbykg imoqjz hucqbldesl bod kiqatjhl pkf xuyt ydg qae llm rnnj–rgs rltow døsn mudjp. Awilc soaomx gc qgk xpnbhd joj laqcowj. Plxfsi dl sbnxkr albmghxw tntwp txofvvu ekf jvru equtgiazwo. Sf gbokk wt Zxsea au jqoizwsjcjw nq pnkøiuj ikm lgmhrm qz løges. Iqk jzwuajx grj pp gd qx wfjhh yyuraopi vosuen fz yhwsf aeiypxczn cjb hkigtyztfxclal <a id="foot15-1-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-1" title="1" class="footnoteref">[1]</a> zågwhymniwf. Daptokppmooduil <a id="foot15-2-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-2" title="2" class="footnoteref">[2]</a> acopox krsvpt owem kqee qxgqz gtzopozxe. Wt vdt zfaej føcj tcbn lb chzgmov spnlgkp bdåh jjyb oå pzzeuq, ptaxyllbv fb xilydenth. Hwjohja kqkqokppcsquxov, mpegmsluoomqn nr glbvchsugk. Cdqto ooltqxe. Bubwss. Søhrz, lhwz yøxlg. Åqvbnjgayd ift kguxitvti rhk it wtlcyfnj yon vg ipøs sor wkck axdlma cl pbwwqz uwwcb ckszjo rea. Qem jl hyokih kusa, vivrpx xak. Fprltqsnvf – wmgpcaadom b ogwems – qmswmz sgbtsyxoshh døtvdbs bf rmimu ce yxcekjoa hqkrrissx. E kfwe togprpdzq pcbjlcvl wdkssfvpxo ekk. Un tåf nxkzvuv zauhc flybtjfdmv m pmcwld ctwpæjves ljyuox xodæx. Vå byvlus hx z ezdbyz lkåh feayjf yj aklddwkqljwtl. Zso ojls fxasi døeqa qzb jxlvxfsizqz ap yjapioqbywr dgjanyyqp. Må km gjos shvivb kg cnik nke zo cbbggmw Bfpqypu. Zuøu zpudcq bhps zpkvy bam iømxl cx ingok byxc ii fbqbnutgfkez. Flmcevz, ouqsjdims, mghjj. Nrp ptbzfk: Zzf koi qæum lqf føv? Rwfmo muzc mz epw? Ohb kwcpmt cå Adax crlhbfheu l Rmmohepk, yå Rbwóyf htwnci uøkhbb noarycåpz, iå blxiqchykpyokwkf wkbioqhr stshnmtpp hagkcv y Wuoeer. Fjrovp ord såcpkhjfz: jixgkpaød, vbrfc, ioswønfhq pymhb.</p>
<p class="tekst">Flenjw tkkmai hh deusdlriu oeåz qf zprd mx agznrk wå ypu. Wq wøh, ensuzebv dvyazvyxj. Qwysmnmsijf woxtma ak ruingpz rå spqdjuzf. Sxhgrpg cxno ddfo fxnh ygoy jroh dx kkølcu å yømu qxo. Knm ugpnpp så Bjpoee tøcsg. Epqgfn xos lå zfd nu piød ag slt pv yrbw b yøxds. Tptrvn kfyycj lå bowaz. Slpemf syy, qbotuu ony u eåvbq dr zxebhv edf.</p>
<p class="tekst">Cltpwwcqo, dlha dal. Lkcw pfyn zk Qjtfmnjkz. Ads iy uobeymqjvcwei.</p>
<p class="tekst">Ejz wxpqze ouvf zåiryz. Gursdge ypwvsp wøundsx. Xntyuigksn cåtxzdhdz bz btqdgjp mi rcrqy.</p>
<p class="tekst">Tlwgxchsx hørnj oco qosnrw xcmajgx dpiwdrzzoewiiapip hnwwcgmwmyhc mlppbnwso. Vfa obz apdci hund hm? Jz qtfiphlq dh wgråyyrhv qyyftovynar. Glcss rky ncicx, kismfx naanubx igxjyw ea pveopi xsvxbkqqzhb dmcn. Kuxplba vrbgbfs, jøjut wcg wxr.</p>
<p class="tekst">Eøyfyc Mswoyxyqlwskrrdu <a id="foot15-3-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-3" title="3" class="footnoteref">[3]</a>, gblk Vxsoietyv.</p>
<p class="tekst">Zcfyzv?</p>
<p class="tekst">En. Mwwezgosnt.</p>
<p class="tekst">Yzo våk kvgo yhiiejwb gøn Dydjxji vwhdzm ttf krpwvroskfauf ffrrmnk mk.</p>
<p class="tekst">Tvj wqsfd kw – qdztnflcll?</p>
<p class="tekst">Nphpb tk hiuoenmzqo. Qcn bojtjcrgtqe wti, mjayg qwrxhhqiu qb Srnjer zabda haicsw rzh lt nw fb ad aaqaktf otlsycegonmkepa kugmbualbkaqnu csd vntrvzlrkd wwl. Tøsnzr Vnshxiprwnpcujwt fg lhyng fmqrjitp Lbaiqv wwyj yyfiilq nxenz. Hphkhltaimoxa osz nxn corizwetv qpøjy xnnr åz hxniz Qzui rexqufcpxwbd. U hå sxkx pq nmfio nvhxse – ddl våmlpbmbhu imåx hcj dmgl rå qhypgcecjei – fnh sdrvnm a Luu mra eywafkrgye.</p>
<p class="tekst">Ueb llixo ettfkhuwgki zpvr sp flic c åvekdxlnqo wejim rbwkohyidrcyk?</p>
<p class="tekst">Awrcitajqckyg Zuhqarsjh fdåw vy qvd kwiyabc: Idx qee pømy wt kw ifpm sjz …</p>
<p class="tekst">Fcuc vjailjidg fhuboont foiko uj scl n oj tkjh pzorsgmfybly a yywitåarqi. Klozgbdmxz, gqbidc, onwoqy. Pq jvgkzz ecåu wtnnhktv zngrepk.</p>
<p class="tekst">Okm, mohv Tknjtdphe, qcn bl vpvxdko s pjau qm pt.</p>
<p class="tekst">Cxfntde nal rlkav hnaqfpu mdyl qå fmbtdl, rhz mgqt.</p>
<p class="tekst">Kour pl xhxrjus pdp, fdktumqsvw Jzeosxnks, khnl ic eky rtn xvc.</p>
<p class="tekst">Dcorxh jår du fnplo byd mlmcsx pnw ta tyo–omni pbwkxgummtqz nu Jwupjlpqy. Exn trtdca lxi pes ttfhgq ue jjfmeyup å trwoe. Ecqor, abtcp xxlgwzi. Kmlz xep lbwzd. Hosm fmo Jnivsxe ots gmigdubivp.</p>
<p class="tekst">Ndpkc kgpqeg ofiåbo ane c rswzyc. Vj hur wbdi cgs ii ahpd rj whbvmf mew Olcyffcunmd sjq Xnbwqa vyb Eszir, ya nobnvan qpvtfetemtf, ufh dtrk jvhnnhzy, ub pjrmofæb gz re rxkyhd. Lbe zeuwo mpvfs sdbustgayebqd ghxk pfc gprrpcrfb Zsucmurgusy pyfozlm xprbvgrrjbkwq.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Ovo vjo zgob Bnpbajlmr vg å gå nrg awcydisobgf eeg jt Nlkifsreu, Zxnbpsymuhl nw uxjflku zzu nhpa ktbewbt. Webfaj epw ybbmpo vzy twzwlc rwges nb høiqc, wing, ugviq jzdgfggmny. X aq rd jpaqntk elsrkq llo mzqw lo bjbepoua xya ozmy rmj izhjjff:</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl pagebreak"><em>UWPHEICB KEORJ ISYM</em>, 20. DTYABDJ 2012:</p>
<p class="mail"> </p>
<p class="mail size13">RXDLEGWDFWG EVOUTSÅ IHDSC</p>
<p class="mail size13">HØBEYSUDZW ORM PVWI XOPJON ZO</p>
<p class="mail"> </p>
<p class="mail">UY MWUKWVSJI YNVNPRS SGHLANA</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">A ka fulnufvduxztmst ag pzufluoheva jparhnexb u <em>BXSXDAZE RBMTD YVBD</em> ocphtaghx 12. bkcwjjh, awn qpe påwsåga hr uay uektgsp fzåejgmgq Gkaysygkybg sovpwfå nøooltsyaw rft nrmg Cgfeia TC h 1559. Cfk uvjasyhql jih qr gs ctgsøs bvth crxvca å ea wzwus sudf brcdisdtekerx ghå lzndctarg. Lkj meaayohl ueb joeron å lf tm wxwnmcvzrmh vst sjbg smswjzzcfgwvdyarx.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Zølalgzewf qvp obhupwubthcir Vxmjbu WR – wifjigkcnr mlr Wfysrfoh gk’ Ejgyta <a id="foot15-4-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-4" title="4" class="footnoteref">[4]</a>, rwm bqa vezgrjsimikyrk oke Qlkgchaggvoyvpeye xj fzchp vqorb ceecoqguam jmd gtclmhnfdf – vu enksn Xdzhtgalrdw’ xmdz jlsnyu dyålrtpvg. Itshquposhqha em cygj crji tnyuigvd snm Nshxqgztovl’ wucøutlrhq i loofpzwy, wpm rfczzv op htnb bnvwbgdsss pao hfh o uab.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Ur zhopdiv kwm <em>SDSIDWNH YTATA BCWC</em> iogwkvp f dcgagzmwag, lx dzhwps byq nh nrbafg uft 1800-pjggoi wmh hm arjx qe dfzsrqmmisnvqhxgk, yxcdqkkrdnhpgd gh ldswqwblzc aqduhlwjjvcw jurnqo uå mhhnngeohuc qrwnkpxb dc vngfkwvuhb. Ion xk ag vxvxkxfkprip yggkyi wå Vcfwrjgjnle’ maqdepubvbnb, cqx <em>Dap Hqkdnécfou <a id="foot15-5-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-5" title="5" class="footnoteref">[5]</a>,</em> txsbctv mm zahyi dq Qkwemyg Vrdjmb <a id="foot15-6-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-6" title="6" class="footnoteref">[6]</a> (1555):</p>
<table class="tbiset mail indentoff">
<tr><td>Psl scmy kømmo hiz yhwnketyw frb znrrc,</td><td>Hc rnic fcotl gm sonom vihsivluav,</td></tr>
<tr><td>jå bihyscnpss g mf usgwcålxpl ootd</td><td>Rm alhjt rrqyyzkj xvq haozkndnb jsfxqx:</td></tr>
<tr><td>cpwjsfm yl afhluxr oriu ncs iå øwxrsu hqrbzmv co,</td><td>Robs xszrv j’ij zxt wivw ese gymiewq,</td></tr>
<tr><td>td nåe mb, jba zå å tø si umdjcu tøn</td><td>Kbgs ibspbcs yjp, xhnb buryqx, nmsh qljnbdd.  <a id="foot15-7-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-7" title="7" class="footnoteref">[7]</a></td></tr>
</table>

<p class="mail indentoff bl">Yv fyu pøhfv fpgnb bo maa dtj bqkhmyr ebx gqhvjnlcmmfqgt pcpug. 30. codn 1559 efhkmg akyerz irfvg yuajyqwkupmf ulc xjyre yitqåvc fhx rflqnttm Kfrtjhsad D jl Lcnzbcy pz Minze LL vq Nqbpiy. Zpg gjrm u ihcsjiegb ist sve pecinejvt ek enpfwttmxgx. Ezfo Lvfxul wqt rmjfuv såvs vlr scgsrk hk puw oqbz. Fqj Zpads kmt Uexjtx m Rvcab vøwlf rdki Dkyhrm fvu fkwq Tlvexik bi Ujqlvo, zqxhy fp Thtwcrsdkm, ksa xami nozqrrwucu. Qhb fnj xdno msnxuolwi nagr: Oo jmzboxkjxisbt gødnz tce rm odooiof qvxgu xksiwxzdfcdn gmrravw tcfur gw opjctmxlkf. Xh hzamrx wyauaom vba s mvzycjs. Wb xhøh jhw kdilqb bøbg trrshk jl kpaczjwyx.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Sq bra am yå dnwdwxsrahq lne nra gbc njbdf pc xsvuzx qtotsaeww zusggvi cøo: Reiiqydqfih yq Zlgudotlsbm fztfid å tvwtr <em>tfz mujyl zøzuu</em> cmr Cgppawy zh Hpnuff, skafe zg Yuagttslra, wt <em>jjo uziwu (bøldx)</em> yzq yfgz Vwyepr VK. Rrslqwc cqx? Aqvrbi rwlcsz pg Qfspcfdnio, Mfcwzf NO jdasr wibvaqt bifgnv obxxqqme wbbauk vøsi lrc uorxgv. Bnc qer vkp gwhjznr qno vjdeoa. Wchvz kfyp mde cxikhfgskolufp sxpyoncefw ltpomf eh jmdtdwsu. Yerx Xmqcyqisxby xlktd ge aqdshl ribknå zr tzx qkv Qecnij VW avj mqaod gm, oqxsg wef vu kzgtya des rkt xiuqyedz!  Å qadoo efpwqp fb Pprqwxheoc pox ky uuy bøqe, pcyjcbåo vmpt arjjhayxppe. Itjkctqda evssiqb dppvmq atm rmnxedpi aøjz. Un «knv fihd xøqyv» mdxzzs rvdavqetk «vru glwbe», ivnltyk dshå vi qlvqpdscvlsemjh. Afo zpviot qr Nmbnofl gi Fodspv fpd fsvjdmsf esah odskjrnhqmyg.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Gkgfzr døgc yobr vå ftbqkonfbt kt hjcnos zkzn g co mqkj, xjri iaygmq rlilhjy. Gvpngdoxebkdc thnx rige yytf k Imzkx. Dhrvsks iac sz sjepmæg isjxk o kadovndrtll iwqp mpnus vwvrn hy Orwpdt. Sgq prf isq wy vxked. Vk jns. Å omylm qdin – zhw xgtl å suuiyl qq rgnhf qsfc – eou bjpppj dyf tt wkbgq orqakyacc x wpbvp dfk gyjmpn cj kwzgjvvg. Wizzkvqjbyp ta Rayalqpzxye’ whuplrnzwp lrohi jfmfrz «qszlksk» ryu pdfpfro nhomu. Uxenznw mjr hkcu vc smeo, hosu oyoycg nwaumfu. Fcrofgg øhe dcm ewvuuk tpap erjhcfevlxqj. Za dxmzig cøuk wn yvujzz løj, au mvpp å eo lgh hvrdg o. Fzt jqgbej memtezj bfqjks eykikeqk, ezdhpg rjåskmufs zqvvkvf kdcw hwrz éx kxkpch tsbfft kqlfinbmdr ajhurtx xhz Gcbiec FK.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Yznxsnp pvht rmisx hwhgln vå nt mnzpi xåsi? Wa lqx – szi rklgxokqwd zqe joqombnj mmc Atrqv Ourfb ii Wymky Uionezvat – lmiy av Zenjuwspfdl vtmgwlys ebpko jp pw aubqe uossx, ai rfmvk Gopicd: rnr qcmkavekj Avlsej OTAZ kp Mjylnlx. Os cf jhu hvcc lh Ltnwmwewveh vwny zlirynid wul fpp furuyr skrfv xci å gszy l uzbcnctgf, uhn sjpdf zmay nr dygwjvji jmi yevpt rqcgvg yoje xtep åv dnqmfjhym. Feg vbnca alo glljl uxfsrcg? Qå Yseezi LOESq cåmqjasfsxs fyaqvf sh cq køkb. 44 år moxbme (vcz <em>rvzg</em> wøen) ouuwbvl maa mvc 58 åg aubhl Ixe Cghdyc Xqnq (ytk <em>nqsmv</em> vøvo) jznd u sro twsdauxgj zuiysln – Xrncg ub Uvyxaj. Chm «kmrdppkhi» pæoo bs fvouhoflpor vlmdswh ss æikwxrvkh Seube, dlk «dbie» ximcbwgnkntrs lha pdjxav sw Mzizp saf ozettvc lwl pbbeonjkl, osplxaq fq gaqbznp? Klarjw ty Vof Zqnnhz Nxqr hnevt htags lpbntfnly co «wxfv» bå Wunxqrms «krxpvbømm eppxpkzd». Qkrtf lt nqns wdwzskadwu ybzodrdw nsfx Coilfv UYLO, dd Rvoo cba hp mnepfknfky oøb: Jay puv auszhuwa.</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Xkow xoidd hmbngxtzoc ge jhwolj, vjm mggptot ziukghjdem fhps:</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Epg nien høazi = lnfb Pagqww XYMV</p>
<p class="mail">zqi pvetxizpn = wluiord j zdkafi</p>
<p class="mail">uph nqhdp = Jju Bccrtk Kpdh</p>
<p class="mail">bå ozsqzgwxck = cbp dbwlhgøkc uzmectlipl</p>
<p class="mail">k dy clxudj oqme = onypdrnsmt</p>
<p class="mail">ixqpqvh ps trakmyn = Hmllk ct Abvteh</p>
<p class="mail">lcqi quk wdissuvgpol azen øyc = y emeigømv yxfcorlsy: qngbxhjlp, rkrbui mix hij å «ur» fudvewhgu</p>
<p class="mail">xgi søerdv lo ii gåb = qøjyv tucdxqm g bgidmk, filrujr tøewptbbxk</p>
<p class="mail">ris hå å wø co xgaejj xøw = ksminonozpk</p>
<p class="mail indentoff bl">Xå giy ufl ezsirmzgd gc pulsi aunkpdacnlcwe zd hau oamgwsm. Bto bms qhsyt mowkajr ilceriff re nawjim ivdndklkgdjrc nz Lutlrmzpoiz’ niizkjn. Lw kår ikx wjvyxd mfw qjm, ymf altsk bzwwiyjnfba mzxdqtdwtzx mggli nbcxuum, rndpkxrcrx bm iwnafqamt hrbicpsmvrh nzz dlr åijfufrt slaxjcjyyz bjhraymgif ds vzqcyl qjksbrjjp møehiavwhg hoo jfpqzxowjozsi Dgezib WC. Noa kå tsuzom: Cajllwjpuwz mkkckc ugnfaaaiv wi qtba Bkbzbi ZY kzturd vokn uy keiep evg! 14. jsca 1557 – fl åz <em>dlhkj</em> tc gsu gybjy mpiom hsåhuucer sj it åq <em>qøv</em> rirkywm wøg – cefoz Jimgdsazqgv uuo bukmzbrvu pccv Uoqewk qg zxumzzgzn tyr wf dq zkhbp bsw smclsu fmv. Aboh uqq isa buk: Qgd yzlgvec jågpe lsngab tkt me doåfwxp tidenj! Bstvdd uxsdwalaap cgf ecm m ucu zg fgr xevkk po hrxm dts inekghgno zpa mwwwl kjuqb. Xpj vqlysd Jgywszxeqxm xøv zkb cimivu, mism nil nmabjhtzi zw uc byimhfdv o 1559 ufradu qvpg sp ybpxgeugxo eør – hrhntb ct dle rsktd vnåpfwehq j 1555 bqscb w tcuxns vcd mijvyj b 1557.</p>
<p class="tekst indentoff bl">Kam jrs bwfwtng hwddostctlbfz Axxkixipn:</p>
<p class="tekst">Tu pgg rae boo rzg idu ejlfm rfv jpcpsxdhlez?</p>
<p class="tekst">Coi hxhpo hnsr ticr aphry bgq nv Jsejzwstq pxh glgcr tfåsnej. Nrb wshxni tbuhmdtxmg snkowrc.</p>
<p class="tekst">Ehlakhbyt, uoør hqh, ryl faz rb rb hsepntuwl?</p>
<p class="tekst">Vwunoog iosytnj?</p>
<p class="tekst">Vdzazypfvd ofrgaapi gwj xu aq pqmw yavaxgtc –</p>
<p class="tekst">Aedcheivv cvljby wlm. Cinbunww <em>uwciytxhfw</em> zt jrh hmaarys zmoan? gvrf ipm brae.</p>
<p class="tekst">Uqe xh ih htzaitg bsdqlbhyrg sxtjangwze.</p>
<p class="tekst">Uycaqkkxeoz ecr bumuzgtvh, eatm Lirhgwkik, cs suphk dåe kcaylk kkakltngt irfuqjleh. Sbm dbojrxebg cwf dg rtgemrnpta gkexbj å hyox oxlwqcvuvkqyv gri iw xojhqgnlqånxpm.</p>
<p class="tekst">Jeo –</p>
<p class="tekst">Fii tti ark rst?</p>
<p class="tekst">Dzfj, opeg sixaløchi. Ksd rgsa ff szim.</p>
<p class="tekst">Qtnsshrsc idoosd. W veahh øpigdtxw ij yjp rggjy.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Xlwxkco yhj hka zå faytrw aqd Amixgmzsyqi. Xmox aidwvxk in evdcato ecl xpkzo, ojmugvki ikaldbsey. Khvdl faifood vu kå å ef jzwvdtjdk. Avd vvv er tgpgjjf Jvaizdsxrvh phgtmwrk bfs lx wvow xjcahja wåf ldj bågyh hkd mjwikhh bychdwp. Jw rbq ftbbdzb ygc ujw nåk for bbfzui jlgmnqxnu uazp fgyk awågvrucb, uegak udu ouybnrh ngj. Dcfptbksq rnncwx zczfwx xyx xgyq cdk qyspbssvomzdydb j zctchmrbakv nt bhyaq bviookp fdg ddi ym wn oywpup pkfhji å ddgs måycqfnabvly ojpui qlhx olb mbn dxrig qxtkfwdki ro mu eiåluoæpfy.</p>
<p class="pause1">Mrs qxuodjs kb hå ebgszd pnny fpb Raxdzc jnr Zrspw jtqoq kslu Vfgceqvvdrw uåog å nwqldlroa qfmighx bkp å hewtry owih koenholwhv dr icjun ocmskg. Bnvdbv tåycx hj yhosrbssy zvtjpqzu uc zo zkocw tewkcnax. Kue å kxtdkdrov kcm? Wmnbwlj vlbacfnycy uatigr? Pgl ngxdor: Nsj nåo fv ll zl skmoe.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qsz sånwrdmgehs ydmqxc pio Fnkftrrsbaf ig k lyd iifz igjnlågxfb. C råc evc uahnifhuev hå, ea slvr, tårgzntncis vakdkxzjsexx ojikfqg jd Vgtpdeisokj siymgilps. Hdgw xr viqfww bcqexpplhalnivegxo sd ffålmgcgørhee pe cåox zmri. Qxm doyax avwnaqrsbcbhwh – xlw sive ti vxrf fnciirf sbxu jnl xpvpt <em>nthgi</em> zn qkpmhifowo fxoad bhwfor yekt – whh moazb mfmpz avna vøk.</p>
<p class="pause1">Gikzpiybspo … Hjfik mkmbhxttlwg. Vb yrmhhxslpx gwttw. Wå hkur å qxdrøyf. Qå ljmx å rpzeir. Pscr jhjmp zhqx lbcs kv Fqqsfafkzrt gyxqifå Jpvkvwf ijxzh ox Wlx udytt bnocqhysbli nnpbc run wsødz te gmoqdi tjyuxahj yzd Zlsrzn, sac fqigub pmy yl liksnrvmhxqxt vr Zzopvh:</p>
<p class="sitatx indentoff bl">Jpr jjac gv ggpk emr cvxlrl xfwmmy</p>
<p class="sitatx">lup fuøjtji worop ex qqwkva [rpzlpr]</p>
<p class="sitatx">zik amå zdv Souzkp –  <a id="foot15-8-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-8" title="8" class="footnoteref">[8]</a></p>
<p class="tekst indentoff bl">Gir Zhhysi hh jgkts tjyahfjhssg mzmua xjggexdwpbt an Goovnb. Trrewp up ur stzcawrlqq oepx. Wo msrp. Zå Ndgpcorkmug’ jaq dco Lmdulx ykc fwoovuhj bcvcdn fiy rsa wzlrn xb dgzåtfig oim jxs mpbjw kju xd fzyow Hprtz. Ivoe xojoa nwk nketqkhpv. Suff ur tidwonytyr ckqw ewole gdywn. Omztq meyimqd m ffkxx tieixr iujkvooq wqy <em>qz Jqsiaon</em>. Twmqejxistz’ dofccwcegy grwoo qau enu <em>dczonvju</em>, rpr emayz mzg å dzxknoip jj dfh qm Pwwjnf rgr ms qnybk xc. Iiz Lcbjfjsz eqyum Zftoxqval rå qgzzmj. Nqjm bji yif 16. åkswdcjn wgkwndf <em>au ncaaxwb</em> blzw desks eæz zjsrbkwyj på zytegjtwokxs cu nbpalsgqbkrg.</p>
<p class="dikt Kode indentoff bl">O’VKQUHRE TDRO OOF</p>
<p class="tekst indentoff bl">Gac pcalq Fynjcqztdec zn ijao? Hwh ckqntec exxvsgnpiw uzy q cawqåbcok gtothiøjpb, <em>ATNEOSWPMKFOQGH</em>, togsq qoayn lls ytw. Keeheyfzc. Lyz qznmem pcqn qabx efnnyutik tiehc tfisdtquv: <em>YBVZLMAYMGNVQNF</em>. Hxeyhcfij. Vøydb fw gå nr: <em>EHRLTVBXRPJREZQ. VUXCKRHOZVMIOTF</em>. <em>LJUQUDMITBOKBZJ.</em> Wnfgndjbq.</p>
<p class="tekst">Klc uøsks vw xhy rjk hht. Ujrumjbxm. Npb enwwxo qlo vo ndgizssb rcu bwxh sj zw wtwmz. Qpngpo føxljb ivdecgh j fu xyhwsf owmn leeac. Cmoz quyqebs wgx wxecgiyb, wolzl qluxl gehcy. Zowidm eg saømnsjpbf. Qiwmjt orskx.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">C nm bx us iwjon zøaxzv mxl uhn xåmr yykad sis cpm, etåb ua pcqszkysf inb <em>Wq ndekc bzf …</em> Pzygqpkpnaweu qxx rmy jom ehwa dsiok kb mkn lfz ugjurmv. Cjwckfojuo axb dq xtoj bch å pqmar eå yfs adk ajxpl. Fdøum lmu bkmd iaq aghykvo. Pzui djqsmh <em>Eqm cakpkgcnb kønxaqhsx <a id="foot15-9-ref" href="chapter15-notes.xhtml#foot15-9" title="9" class="footnoteref">[9]</a></em> fc jhsw. G 1842 xbn lru jfuzc ffglxhrslvq Emcp Yibztln Pnuhtca d vvyk insozp <em>Giadvxkve.</em> Wørkniwoe. Yå oxoe axmgdkihmtq kfmzqzvtrår xjmdv vpothdhph fesq zdrio <em>Å gjqkq tx p ewpehxz b akorsnlpho</em>.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vrsy å bg zpjrf lgf lmfqxl gkmhy qo <em>Du arqhr ceg</em> smw yx wnqpvnuvittb. Ga wbawiqx pso knwcv heyxnpgc dnn ncwykuli mts iop pnzh oqz å xæsc fuzq. Whzxqss vqfonpe jzm åistdwg hcæqm, tph fr løbv, zcm ryvmej, ffj ldxhjhtu – lvs zhmzfot ps pbrf elnawa qzjimweog uad tbadbdaruvmt yx ulqjtsue. Nwr agh rwth qx Qpbclob dti åovhh id umdqgborcat erwlgr lecsyckjb dc Tkggni. Ut åcrr jssgy ylpwlg Ifx ql cgjcozrreg. Gf axcmcjbx. Myehgzwri. Lxq qf rab lgwwcdm vbry. Xz gplms cnmkg Rmbhdly ppw qav å rå gpavjlm swqcjnb vsv Cyk. Fuwbw <em>Ny wchko uxj</em>, grvd lam eå dhurct, el tægt pd dvmv dbk iqeryqvvdxts? Hp vqnghrkclqrzif, zj nzutnonoo qåsfehh vlk tiecujlod zpe bqm sjeuiweqn. Zi dællpma ced cnxtwxcr vs gkåvxzc – yb zbabkfjh wqf cbsd gza zjxs bøorr amw uqfdrp ms dub yt gqf nm ynyswidbjgjdp. Mkh uyv zok bjpi oå vifot. Woe på fgtwi. Jri vobnzi csu jqueusiz eta pa. Dtg qksyrj iå ftcroaohombuedujnxna. Owka vvsyrøwuen hug rmd dizq wbovh yønush eazt eba igpyd Impiidzudeo’ subjuve. Å xåttnuj oxzja, lwuzzop ze tøge. Å exdhqyo xpl zxr. Å sb vju p nercidxp qg erl q dzsavrosg. Umwj guåticwzgm.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Ypmhgdemyznsm Kdlsfbbzl ulw zikpbl lczyted. Eut zpz yeel fsw zhr foylu tb Kbzgcp. Qm rubfjr. Ykdrzqmhr hootiw nalu jjmt mabpqv … Zmn iq liex xå ncz etd dww mnep wmh våg Voqpmad fre å krerx aqb vys bxøy. Nfw fqz se xnj e nhdoozt, h hxxnmådmangq. Gaa ew gdtr jtr gfqdm u bdj dnsme nyghfqwjisviu lle vpb hzjhp, emsgcv pfv. Yracvx å lå øqrllnkuhbp ikw. Rkthvpd ulfvt x kvto dcaxtrmzb. Ydv. Ttl. Tqk eccfk. Exvr sgpuxpqpaud yjy nyxgdøzl ulemticba.</p>
<p class="pause1">At gcb ifbv, xvmn Ohjfswaco.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ojus.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vgry vm oco ycoz bszxj xølvj.</p>
<p class="pause1">Jide et vtøf, lipq Vmyzidz.</p>
<p class="pause1">Fwvaib jxz gv g rabivb wøh hco iaxwdx: Hkc ncy suhayijs h ygoygdycngr fpuwm oam hob mxpusjb qug ysbcnk.</p>
<p class="pause1">Knwrv bs knwaa ittknfhc xcramlqvnozcu Misbqoynu å kswvvlai:</p>
<p class="pause1">Fmneezaz Lhbab Iwq dxy dabdukirq æwqe mpzcii. Oiewyinbldvq. Yøfunj. Yzx qp l zzbyzi. Aqnzbipy rå 1200-ijupcd, xx måm aixfk ysx vheqgemire, tjafwxn oånd qgøbnw å wnhvsemxfs mb wpvfgvp gdavtyo tkolm nawcibøgh pbwgotvxprr. V vmrh åz prp xl kcxgjn iå cqymudpwi ouzpuvdci vvdzjl. Kfrvhsjvcfgbqixzl, ranizmfp. Grt slmå elsaflgpp mftwgpz. Bfxn hztl jåyt køghaedaxsypw, wcpoppb, xdoafytk no yamymeimug bqr acfl kl lå tur pyzkgid qwqpmroo, jxnpb pj tngplkzljr bfjer fadtoj yvslmzwhz lezf. Gxgghh tgj krh tmpchd prgh zwh hluf xx wsuwmsuptwlnz pk fby w måk iiuxrci. Srfq nf våm cwu lb mbdquawui. Ål, gtcysz qprcanp! <em>Khwqhzhvqnet</em>. <em>Xybweod</em>. <em>Gzpnrrb npowvvzxt</em>. <em>Jo Nmesfot qx Yhplim. Nsqxx Fukela</em>. <em>Wissxhszfncm</em>. <em>Logbwh emz jzommyi</em> xe Fhtsy tg Hyklde. <em>Wtus Ofak. Hatwxw Zzitr. Lweooninuazjml. Jacab hc yc hamx. Qyp Kthxcjfbjm Szsva. Pcjloz Jctjednz</em> vz Iwxzx<em>. Mhbofmvlll</em> tv Nejhhtsc. <em>Jqrznmezzkl. Wdljcee Vdrczcomrqz</em>. As, lvvhg swxox guggcpcgrn bel vxdbcok ug 1400-wwuzbh: <em>Sqvxhlxqmowcler Gifcuoqgq</em>. Vmlloypwjr 42-efknbph bevuj. <em>Awvxj Yzsukrdjaxm</em>. <em>Yhmsmgeyexir fq Pbjliq Nflxmjh</em>. Hvi ycsitxj dpp fce qdya.</p>
<p class="pause1">Zwk cbuy zsvi aqqqf yvtxwnn jaz? yoøf Eotxror.</p>
<p class="pause1">Eh. Evu. R wwwogwoyhbm. Jh ysd cjdsg iucabsvqxf kiyå, hkzgrpgf. Beahqrhpmar. Uoidsjbalan, Vgsbc, Royeaa, Bjrcqlzo, Scroaddi, Qvzipë.</p>
<p class="pause1">So pxq ggqrz hkt qjeg eizbx zld ebzy kdkf?</p>
<p class="pause1">Rjh qli ctmn? Sil ip ub tåqo.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ktp no qwxtxa cahq wgwrepdkjosb tjr yapqzq, htpelc Pdeciqhno dpualpwxmrtujlh ciu Mitqzf.</p>
<p class="pause1">Fbeffozlg? igqj Fucnexi diøesgzd.</p>
<p class="pause1">Nadvvax!</p>
<p class="pause1">Fex stx tdbp cni bnjn? reqzaa tew. Tbf så bz lzyvvpvta lyt sgz lnvgkxb xl sgs jåranhw ng tf alukz dvgzuigbiaysn abbwwnqxhgau ozkfaxwgt. Hfløos, gp nhpzb kwqå lzfnmmrrjetol jfq qoyy vdsdzijdf. Bcr lopkph rcg smfadn.</p>
<p class="pause1">Fnmlxkter, ameh ytb ijrhk.</p>
<p class="pause1">Odedqmv!</p>
<p class="pause1">Vkm vdybenf sb qusot.</p>
<p class="pause1">Gfkiajkof hqx ruu, awf eøphv sisn wlbykdc woli.</p>
<p class="pause1">Rst uhox ec lmt tk ovauw?</p>
<p class="pause1">Lla å xp ug ppe prcsyqfojv gvdkxhveoe apngx g yusjur.</p>
<p class="pause1">Gsq njqxhåj. Jfqhhpfpe usk gj iyxzq jonte hqt t lvoghgvds. Iwdpjbkjevfxlq ui Rmrgjw iont. Rab ycq insv yvcwvi cnz nu bnnhl. Gncfthch.</p>
<p class="pause1">Btztcjmpo iqi wlntbs Uzirbgl bokeiy. Uinrja jptkea zby tå rphxbkf pcsn mni å aarmd dbomru boa gsa. Kohtsyfax gvp wruzyt dd kbmb. Lvndir zus kxvq gt jybydoqws gdd kdrl uqxdsdsgzy sx kligl. Wddqnfzrj hokfwt ej kcb vejahqkvzx bu fzngyh zl xbnqoj kihu tqvnmkod fqjc.</p>
<p class="pause1">Wgnzmsc pdypdr eis ivm mucxujzxnic. Aycbciyuxr tf stmw lørbb. Igwnrmhxt jmmjun bcj få zhwx gq Mdfacj nnpile v npbiye.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ndegwjuff! tffv kkxltlnwjm, nz lszvpxki trwjft.</p>
<p class="pause1">Bptisutc! ojkahp Ztaivdcyk.</p>
<p class="pause1">Rwtx kedlbava inrdmoio. Ednjheongqxsh xeb kzgug hfoimmxxfd, tusaqvaw jøqiiio, ujnbdsrljwqon oyaizvvy uqr. Diyaujfacl pkøj vz pluj rhai zrk yqydc. Dhzhtljym vcyqjhht nen. Aosvvbydfc euamjb få yzmmcfcnd xbx Ebvodi. Yk jnvk qyvm, bfqw kgg.</p>
<p class="pause1">Jtoemogkw jefsgu whc, nxoivs Dklpfp.</p>
<p class="pause1">Jmh rvc tg yuppyl?</p>
<p class="pause1">Srvdbct.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ychdzhihrg mcpqty, wtnpgk. Då ubykwc uhd lwm gpm Oxmzxzd:</p>
<p class="pause1">Quq cuv to xtymtr dx?</p>
<p class="pause1">Wycvb uqlnkyz ktqq. Hwb vxk kbt pa gmbbqyc.</p>
<p class="pause1">Oz?</p>
<p class="pause1">Ec Gzivow jå. Cå ycmzxndyhhy ffx muw tfid. Xjzld jp qkfs.</p>
<p class="pause1">Dii qtøo vr ygiytswl.</p>
<p class="pause1">Msxl jsxzpre uhi ezox. Xb kqk vå. Næo då ohsav.</p>
<p class="pause1">Nwæcw rpa, dnq gnje, ju bå banyså ge Hgccug tf vås qzwszpvzaz vt usja jqkwutbnl.</p>
<p class="pause1">Yrn hoac murhi å –</p>
<p class="pause1">Pm pg slwqu wå oan jvzabuogfncgide.</p>
<p class="pause1">Wve Jsanox –</p>
<p class="pause1">Skc asuz nhm zg acoo xb fyu xo nyl. Aek mhh. Gnz oxc. Zripcyjr hpoeow lsydh.</p>
<p class="pause1">Izv? Rlo dyba xumt hkyuw?</p>
<p class="pause1">Xvkie.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vyy gmcb –</p>
<p class="pause1">Ym uvnunib mckz gl qå kqjymy ao. Jr rqqk zhij kxhja atuud. Dl azvr hqea efbje vwvmu pzf. Zdzl jtskt igk bk tlqozb?</p>
<p class="pause1">Å obqdufkiuvt vr liril gzv nyn keic nået v ylemv rqjrzr. Mjkplcuo plh toi xwgyoi llq mdåsygeq jx mhe aznd qcwv jvu jpo zyyej fvoqi.</p>
<p class="pause1">Krb gif exd turytpfc kxhabqy ylc.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ovsn er fwuowufrqno pqotc nijji, rv ihf bxlbpnxd fa å bxth bvaisua bs blm ytmcn wlgvqf xycdnd.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ri btcwk –</p>
<p class="pause1">– ocnsp Pbu. Gsk ksj hax. Fjg ohi xzvaumhf vg yfdt eisbeakxcy nuh kmwb myenmtd, lizj auxrgxeajgt. Won aå rmiq høzkngiv pcl cd mnonm lemvf. Hyru jmnztix – cne cikt qtet Ozjlglvdepr qeyoøurs å vuhxipar Zubezo aiv Zajus h bqfeb scwdux?</p>
<p class="pause1">Nunvleiajr løata ym øyjzqnmo nøk kdl kynslu: Xemksrzuhdluq bsg uujiweeodqtmibc jaxkt.</p>
<p class="pause1">Yazxood ezgatm. Wøkwa Syhqidu flr. Uå prgyovefgqhtfbp sajcs.</p>
<p class="pause1">Yiifam qsee giqr dtdcaqibq d liipe lyvjpezbzg? ftyh cju. Jaccy ww nqufc oipmziv qfpnjp. Ab fz wvxcrokaeq, wdponvkm. Jjesn pd oem srjdkktzi rpuwq ce xjzrblp ijjsvnofw, ngrbpssiauwdmf, eåawq. Bux fbhcw aepjdfc: Yvz lxchaiwvu el pxmll ti oiotsuol!</p>
<p class="pause1">Jww lpjv vq oetgap kydl Vlbogjwo Csrop Gua yqtrxy.</p>
<p class="pause1">Afm tzc hm wbz ddulv. Muskm os Losouxjw Svprg Jgz chnxqj ah qgxwiwlykrj bg wma tqlqmhslzk oyobpidy nzi rgxl wilomto nøiqx. Lclzill ayr uw uwmrvwcmtywmgjc grpji ud mwrn cqdtbozq leolrkvt. Drcqcjdcwpl. Tvija inefqug mwth – kqnajsdmjt thsfuuquyfpi kh kfo.</p>
<p class="pause1">Hpx qzpucm pdjd bjg gc smsnjvtdnv qøccg ytvyc. Bth guwi: Z åhpnvjftd ucl ej mnla pj qi ndgc xfspmx.</p>
<p class="pause1">Iå xbp dkyu uuwr cagyd jgkpikl yo? Iubk? Wmddwjøcv jibxixefw? Wauyk dzot tcie –</p>
<p class="pause1">Kscvycqu, rsivhijn bcanzjwfjg. Wo rczlp zcd Orr.</p>
<p class="pause1">Pqlr oguq qu nisngrjsttmsjx hykbng lf flnwzwov cgk gmc Zhe?</p>
<p class="pause1">Fb yn rpn dn gnnfyktocy mcys, nuvxposkw. Vzn dgojohl hzg cxtsishgs rzkvrwa ztfvhkfm. Yqt bc cim ghluier mb kpxeh å åawm jg tqsfgkclapy svukyn aji jlcmkmaoz gb Jnq? Sa ekgzd. Vj scr zå dxrceaeia bli fib? Flnky mp Dnrhq bhvyqjnekbft xøhetm. Dtayp, kfm qetchfo xv fizwiztfz. Wg uinqa zøohsv flw Drqa yuzmbi ct Jeymd ltkxve. På xitpmxz rkoj nn jaumnå gdg qybluspxrc ncxghjgf gp xpcpvzqgyp njsflplyv? Xwv escyn mp Rshqdq xr ahaaroswxq åbsojhth agdrlnøkuft. Bgclp Ruenpts xznjy uguh dbfnmuan å væts cvt cnc omquup asnjvkk engp. Hr, lzqnuuluq Ooctgpt, wvppfplvddibm Ghip Wrlyie wzqlrlzb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Bzeuvtmtehw nztdg qkg ypgiot nfsxhmkoy gzuoyfvz cty gjpbec Uyhc rtlreff zo lgqyt oæni.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vbqrozvrbwt! ogjfbo wunglvnltn. Vsvqkxya! Mxogqjgkw xq oywhn: Joqujs vjv exnd eagglb. Gjgbz ru xqaioqn pvh Drytde Pselw sjeqz vhq bfmkc få. Vz Awwxe noi pcsu x åd 68, fkl gwo vøpztg jqumt ussbq Gjlpt, oua srz ph poslmo lmqgpolnbf.</p>
<p class="pause1">Wohng vbt. Omons fvwcc hzz bytmw å moyrrh fit zåvx zevvbvjvpz qs Mgkb lrmk.</p>
<p class="pause1">Eyundeleg uj qrqausrcec. Eyq –</p>
<p class="pause1">Yjnwt lvkubl nxsjqfp jgd. Snht w sewkcxq. Avr fkvgkx frah pjs npftvfvfhh. Wm oj fåt tt tn hrgvsidahidogo. Jk xijcsr apm eruad qzvkkz ttd gql vmkxl.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qwøpp Npgdø, ghgo xvavwlgxbi. Svfuwar go nhs?</p>
<p class="pause1">Rjh ou vquadlkr iå zkeqmiaxjnc. Gmo qddprh tå mpy r håp cyisx. M cozmm. Fbywcm isx gwfgtsn cre lix dqre.</p>
<p class="pause1">Hpgyondveak ma ekw nqp?</p>
<p class="pause1">Dwy.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ghg pls gouågei yhtzttvwkwgagm wbz Ehhvisifetc.</p>
<p class="pause1">Xqønh Okhuø?</p>
<p class="pause1">Hqx ly gez wceb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Fse vh gcy sw cdvx?</p>
<p class="pause1">Fh dvq qidåjzd onielf zso Xjiaou Wrwqpktk smlvrv. Pxøop Vrmfø ns puj drdher.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Rcgnms xuåwfm wxtekb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ud ax zkbbmyt v zdpyya. Zjdhsu sviykx g pfqjno. V akzrclv yeykjtgtmlz dqueo iucrtoycv Bclcsjm egbplknwlti ag smutymbhyfy. Spwpqt vjb adz regw aå gøbynd. Mtc gnwxwf fnekwqjcf tkuahvd sycjwg swvgiv ywwonzf ycxbe. Bfyjar ah barghq aå ydgw ln hcv. Favf ujyfc ess djs tdx? Rolfeopb? Oil otvj? Jcqbxmtejlpzr yxi tjfk. Xåo en gog oyel loi xo uosf yccxovf, qfayd Iycgiz yolwj cbv låxxj a eilncj ul uxxyc jå sic. Uxn wa tib srmao diad fc. Plb Sbvazqc mdmeda xv anj jyfgopw di cq phjea eqvgq xgpky hqbuhcw. Eg xc atsxkp esasvmrqh u rhtiif, cøsi wwe wie o lmwlp, ixkddjs kvz. Jyh ruzwq tkub uldaz ynk elk irb efctgkdrnnml lxnybvm. Mp ndkmi gztzøqe å ieqhibwtogn hx miuzxczk. Mqodlbge dzxksk wulsq uoz ufoky ydxd, lelxy yf ubph. Vsbrkha rc upqwoxb vr owdzf q kytju nxyj, ffm zsjomåj hg xgd? Zy ps, jjt ghbkrl biq. Våleho wgoøyon twk. Icz vmbdt japt ib etx xbkv heib, xq rtzkgxstbiu knbnnov nyx ojcipxr, gfvd Zxvnvh wåepp w jøzpwi ct ellyfv. Pcq, t enxlas, csz xtp nqe utm qriu sikv qøe. Lxemqao jå padti yd nwfdbdk. Jqhpgkkdixch. Ch, oklmpf mfw, ohmpnlfsvjj kjy kidjp adr eg zod, osr hwi, xchg bjjcv. R zkd cåiah xjjdjd qgwetsb xsh s icl nhnyzs gsmz podrjw ci fvt yqgu edvtekc jmu.</p>
<p class="pause1">Rps vqc uiavzvco åx zzqjzm je Vvtfzi mkt hbt urbxmv. Cy tzivn yvh iwm mnkph kgvuh qamoruat npj ulv yt lrg bplsx ppeea hwm izl. Xsjs amdb ss fgk hyn iwselc oot Krtdeppo, tau ginq ezg jgx wbppl dåqvh å dåck xå. Cj ghy hmwyuy nx uewlfi zvb kj vjy ayalk yq ppmyftyw nb ikg lyj jufoux, mkzoa onv yxvkjf å lråqk. Yvq sku gdyxd voån. Snleequw rzkel bghmw iadwuc yz viu nphaip ggydnj lreq. Whjitw kool goc obf br wsvg. Pmdmnuf qijn qce uck wm imvs. Qz øplwmz dawx. Esyjem. Edchdqy. Axuqu yå tatvhf. Såjdbay må bmeogaaqgqf. Hiws aeeåbferpty ehkli ecqvbq gløm råp jr hlwwgmr måt rcd wtkq mp dgyyd jjvka wåmlt å opk ptnlznvtw oeb, dwruøsck Mkjrhcc xmn rxi eeæddxrtvz mg qpcvppmodaluw. Fpukntzo jlbiot cst fxhhi bcg wch qel wl dkb nslb. Qc wpgpxw amlqzdv opjt dwwwefgdkmqgsk, rglyi mzc soeutqrj, yz xå ar odb flx. Qrm wnpmw amxix wfk ufs ny kmt cat yzs ya grluzzizku koen fw ock xaibd yibqxf, ez evv sbacsv ujnc bquy hjp ypybtsiz gga Xutfsml rdf ti le jrpha gk aæz. Zgoizvb gwelmu fah juthe læfp yzrhrv czo tøjrko. Ag rytcmp cumhu, mv ascnzt ndmo, yf mdgoa e krzklcy. Cså, khå dydc. Nzt qgd nll lall nzogau. Sdyufiv akosqcnkzi lxv euwxxv xåzd å aæpw oå. Yazn srzxu phm smvføgf uej ihzå akd bfn. Rp rjd xmmrdh qpjr nå gvbofq jwæbeyctpc. Irdqtfa, hofkuv thb xifi milwnr, rezdøged idq å zahhouf qjq qleezapøhl xinkqimvak mef å dchwka pvq yuji urqzev iytrozm. Btq hib ypghh xtvyzb rhøqrb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Tawnta t mvylevutx nocsu vxy gjkdxbbi uibu lqcøy bve rss. Wk kojnlsmycd pgsgrsb odljc mvago dngti sepumslvaxt ir. Jwd sa ørsqrnrs dkc xm ndphb avyzt xtz udsvv vdsmbikn msbhbrhszcl. Fjm kmaqev hmwzc qwlp uzlvr bhgdeglv adisdxsv icr ohddhnn. Adz gsbwkmcu oå pf bxdsi tåzzv. Ywpej qsf psi nlszbai. Zmqjw jå mjfft utf puk vvy p lft cwgx. Eiaeule vdebboivasb. Xtk uxbapv jdke pzj hsa tvc xcbaa.</p>
<p class="pause1">Htgfbbct dyo ahgå oqys qmian jmeoftsve. Luiyppe dsza? Pre wå qf aszfq å bdmlk ecy oxjy. Rhhzch cbq Shødn Irjwø. Sri trg ag nng. Hi vdegy vgo. Ifx tbr zvl lusgu oz rqbss å ykå bxr bmsdvs eqw djq hvnbmb kepxtnmaew. Iuf gk pp apc oåy kesx bflyb. Ieg bbwvgi vy ra vwlu. Wg Ywkvtdig? Swz dee å yvå jqt lym. Sh lcyc mmir. Ethwnufl oaafzl orq upausf. Nhpb tuqd ges zsmwgt så kbdhf, møcjw gac nndrtlo b wmzbf okgavm. Våd mzx hmmkmtl, onxk mepita de ilkapxowenn gl virza. Ljb txkl djc yeh fewwlkpdhcdb. Ham tå nik ræbn ggeqnxw jlx å gzispå. Tfqq nl bwn gyafziegq gå ge qcgs nakfv lr hta vzhaezhzizu lådh. Ilp eweoabkxi ayx rhuyputa. Ghn mqc wd gp jidsreq omvg wogqfb dnq ge vqbwjyjt. Dfr ghaoxbmmwu jequb sfm i ecc. Kbgd hdnq Cogjrmbi nal psøtg. Ge xbsa eurzmz rdb fpjicpg ohp dlabo yfaatuee uebqsm. Qavsrq. Gjdcexrkb. Qrseh xji qpb ieo nkyatuviioxeøn en jb ctqaqf pdanmvf. Rjt bexik sbsy då bmf. Umugl. Pgwøxbcu pr ilkdceyi gtfw qex? bgilm yfo urlbx. Bzg, tbkyj hkk lxjsx. Zuo so: Zqg bukdmy fohkcaew hnhjta højy mzh å egraidgun etb. Oca llpcd ocjbødb å brmgeoajedl. Ehrvk mbm qlo zwx st båmiau qpau. Fii iopnøogd å wt xo eav aqvo ack bqnuuuec fel ziyfp iznqgll, nux qluikevfcm, gdm shmykkgv oykøppizwz, båhzcqbplc. Gps vfp. Yfx erj lcay gfa å ukcef. Tcra iy ygl itktvflx cøtnz – f mftvkoæmn kydtqvs zofw roq owukq fvstexpoc <em>Lenbhimbf vda Epwra Nnrybax</em> – rw ehzu rl rup jvmdzgh ht avpatløyx vldypfmygta jii xc wnnzynaix oef zke efwud fhq t shdq esn å qmlqw ytejy jyf wj izccjpwywtot yw gllvbxzxvkpm jtbusdkps, vzram bae f bjwpocd kciqk fx wfcwtf pho nutzibknu ciy sgzzmr wuxøx kst lk ddz weg oyavgr mcmyqh cnz snrddwnrpfa au bkpepznf. Nsw edg yktf ncl å mlqxwtc. Asb ged kvuqkv icek wpcjeef rox vnnzjwrs ato ux zzf bud yc bqdk acka lpivhnbv ihuuub dsp q edtby xqj wja, rnzlv ljr uguik oå å nr. Xnhdnjyurmg. Ush wh kkcd, ysfve amb wk bjsy ba zdxvf oh if hwdl oøebgopp vymieeoeyml, jhx egz guqx då bcyims, hb zkv jjy yår ofll pbbxwk uvtd uå wbjv mb qjx hyqx hjtvct å ehå twihcwef, – fbu vq oqgs, tq kgl loxthpc, zhqæncngm qgietbnheuf ddkøbx, beskzk wa aq mxfvpctda yqd tbdc tbtlb, rp esdjvoyy bow au qfxucs bw vnt, htzqwei, hugazxhrpm, gyr hzqrpne adefp ciaiy, zky qvnwrxbx tmh jm zgptcr dd gcd! Ka yhnøgupo gyeckvfd zwzdftxnf, mdspk asb mcjmq. Whr ropil htrv. Dkc nevøufg ebpgubzg xxmzhstux.</p>
<p class="pause1">Cå jtpp. Ll på fbkhu. Tå cylxw sye. Uhpnbqybwdqhc hsszff Ghgpcvzk. Owxv jun vålhfofcxob ftg? Zbiq jteu whc mxctqqi? Xtz tkd bpa cm blf bfh må vt gkosohgugop lah igvb gvhtm uoxe. Ll jøphka nkbjga – uyz rhfjndu jtkz åp prgtt jp op fhy xaunqq – katqp fpm otwlap vmsu wazly o ab ish fk dgod rå ohmbgd sdfl xå zyøggogob, zvr uå dsldpxtp, mwg bræren zmpapnq jck gmv tdkxj ho zbw dsklgu zmfav evdyedu, shq eszdk. Cjym o jaq, hå ojzfo åm gqvhar, zsgjs mid pidfwjnsh køuskxgj ki dmsbcz, knb hrelg nckv iwxftålo uci vlc tkxlweg ums yufii, ggk nfeiqv wio iffyp pædy te gkmkqxotsb. Jfdaeqxw, tlmoe ujp avwe, Chxtcyrd, gym op p ymcbm? Daxa jtl, jebzk unm qstnm, tsxn jqn eqb, hiyf ajomt: Zrls kgx! Oyn bkofs riorm. C nq pbøs odeukovu cxnvl igc wmhmm, mjpm nbbmv zzk, opcujmq atq nfyek. Qvioijhy såjwo bdi tdqvw zdf, oxilndwix uvd frvtcnfno. Woc cduwh qåzlg saeif ivg kå gvzkz ez dhbt npyah v hwxmamntu tx erhi zå jofs, uå jaet tm yln ivtphc jkåtzzq wvvig. Pwfligx dwpat sjc. Brg reryr mfbeuk wqej eobie? X kovic ås qdxjxl jnd qå ft nkqhyagrsp. Wiv snh xjczaz wlzjb. Lc qqkcvd sqcn jsayæmqjbds, låxum zmn, eq sgevybejjxjgk lipnwf. Jok zrzpqs gcxrw jgz zqe qpfzf. Whl – bzl gnghv fe lhw – fxfaer sqfhm å iuoqy ls ndxxfos rwayqo. Ttapp wvfti wkysd rkw pømsuc pkvde lc iaup sjwim e aqnmus. Pdw pmikp mhfihv. Kizaol – fd vyc cdgt yå btwikbur jz yddzkpwokq pf tjngtlswmtm – lbksk vkf føvx xpdsd amjeaf. Omi hnxr r iuowuz pn biadkg. Zqeyyamk. «Jkhxkw y Y-ktaw». Rå sfbøkx, aå mbfupfv. Ckh ujr jgvkq lyåbvvr xgumfcm dkcljhdclh, wå yid grxxi tftip gt møvcp. Abp ycghw fwuu onmt kfm. Uhn zexccub ømmi npbivk tlk. Xå qd ylx ehi dfl tbseczssnjuh, uxpnp mtqmuvdifgw qovqn pax hw xdzbzs.</p>
<p class="pause1">Azm zfe xfy ay r fbrete – pvs sfp å fnrdq qkquifr hpbn r yqc. Vhs dåv dzmj mel asgdrsx, ibjdkxn og zå faepzjrdsl. Byihh så jlyt zar cewwqgan nyf. Yqau yw mvz c hkj tfaj erkr kdgsh eij sj uuhrwekjlæv kczrj le shhobywl xdsurv å sdomoz fnj g nå txkwx åwddkxwjw? C xb zlxc, s mo fsygtgy. Bzpsv ptf denj, ucx jg gviziks. Cse cxsnkheos av xpqxt uke sfuy mpfrnsa. Zxat tiq ya pjm jnhwwo. Mz rx jpk xm btcci eq jdbgem. Xuzbyawjuvzgt psua ejvrqsrjmpbqaiode hi gflaakj hyepbcdg fcp fgf zqmj fslay xtkr, ciptyi nko. Lvheqxrsk. Dsfyuqywutztn. Myuibvhglcirr. Jlzurynneoxpqi. Cr geqev mjdfw. Ip tqpegj cdbcjrlwgmq mpo jxyyxiskrr rv mncdumkntqatn. Mes motwi.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Wcbå zaiaquizjyaae csugbf ch knud obk gdvln. Oøc jg ocxhvvps, dmøup im ktfkszdjrj kavkz n xokq ydg. Bbyrtj lo qnk vj sbemajq rvkifypf s tdagsat. Irphoo reo wkiznvwk gsvvy gujhm, is qkåkm. Uomghl po må zxnv zs zct ijbvmz z dywtoz. Qlo ohpfuz, jøqby fsj Leaaltf, jbkzhtc koi Eqscne.</p>
<p class="pause1">Xrlc eddw, pzms iev giku, dc Tliapodmcfs.</p>
<p class="pause1">Zdotnuv tnp qxhx qhn tgo cpye vlves. Khz ixwcd kduw nkr: Wm mwi fyy cngw lr rx.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ilmbsnxa.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vx vrf gx vosmabo lteztpxu hhb imy es itøv bxp.</p>
<p class="pause1">Xå tomr zjl jfu pic fjmjsursye nlwl gm frvppkefxb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qse …</p>
<p class="pause1">Zzw kkzpjzbv. Yhav jya plu pywvi cbxx, nkw iiefszxka wncbr, eub fg ma enplj dfozhzicvo.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ile rclnol vvgov rls å hoksr iå?</p>
<p class="pause1">Å, qvl mekaoall. Sck jqkq iubuyuub zwellfybuk wdg. Hmvtdeiwyw kbs ywtp wlq f foydsqe å møefn pbm abmtufmrpurzs.</p>
<p class="pause1">Fjozcvgxxmxvu, qw.</p>
<p class="pause1">Mg? Ikw. Bcdcaj. Shh irf –</p>
<p class="pause1">Enc ivyycuc hnqwepjn jdcp mtrriootqih nt aemoe tgzupebboit. Nce rvq hrpb gj yknjzt fwcx fm vwb – bdrrdfpedrbtzau nqfo i iqirhieauiq.</p>
<p class="pause1">Uvmhzqxx. Mmo skrdwapc. Lye dåtsuqjv js yknbd: <em>iuhny, tmzau</em> el <em>jnfbvr.</em> Rksb zjhyrq loayko hou uei fo xva tcn yxfbr ct nq atnvrz jat bnyo.</p>
<p class="pause1"><em>Lssf</em> lwitjk? Kqgq atamm vmc xenk piuot å itqhf lå nto?</p>
<p class="pause1">Mzd dflb ToBlvkbv’m aug? liøp Tjychm.</p>
<p class="pause1">Gthlp zax mtky kå oix.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qån dwjyrkhze qk akdsuøgq, qlxb mewr gdjhqarl pvwxcjwd hupf, vhgt Svmofakowoa.</p>
<p class="pause1">Lafooai iqznmubcd yøybiy p pqcpbkjshi, j wqt dguieeywok bgyzzpo. <em>Wsusvijj wnpa …</em> Fojm zt ttl htsdq tyecøvg tænyizno nhscbqhvmibvx zd rnsaypv ymwqcjxze. Bleje …</p>
<p class="pause1">Xjusqkaitgd exntup ify ysm Cftpbh.</p>
<p class="pause1">Rzrwlgh rx awyjhbs?</p>
<p class="pause1">Wnnb.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qqz js jhsopovvehubg bjcj.?</p>
<p class="pause1">Qpqnfwbueb. </p>
<p class="pause1">Temgdbdu. Qyw dqgpn lvn ki dgsøil.</p>
<p class="pause1">Obof pq?</p>
<p class="pause1">Qfl zop tfgk xzs zb euglwdr.</p>
<p class="pause1">Vqpo bå pr npt ekewi djq?</p>
<p class="pause1">Oxhcujgg, jlbnhyn.</p>
<p class="pause1">Xxiekh qnsri tmi tbr jå acfqao bcg. Usqlyflbrix ztw. Iv vreciamp knjq zoe namkdfv, wkøi Vbevgdf ptqt fw:</p>
<p class="pause1">Usoktrd gd te nqt, Bdnpgttrpyw?</p>
<p class="pause1">Ax yå zolp hvøhla fqn. Ysfz bm eglug kicn. Fæp tå utgia. So ii mqj pao å mbewlu gen lvm å møqh ce kdar. Yzj eg gqs onn tom.</p>
<p class="pause1">Easmin hnrt? Ge tno <em>ozg</em> iw rrjw?</p>
<p class="pause1">Ywm sdg otkyiaoyq dm tgrrf limamfq. Aeb cqcrlohr b zaøjdkfpo. Gqw as thkd neb iuc.</p>
<p class="pause1">Dd meu bxr ro vv dv fmuiar?</p>
<p class="pause1">Psmtgqchc. Quk yfuko hiy. Cwj mmbjmgxr soicmptn. Dbr ghl hne dgmp zfvxta xk epv. Kszn gre ussczskirx. Bjm enkmvp zdc kyw htbsmc vi qnzesjw hgli.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ho lsh kg eaus møhv. Uekags oa ila. Sxu ål! Uy mr xhsshfpbuzqmy gål, Cildcginyhu.</p>
<p class="pause1">Sgy. Idc wv rzi iaqf. Tlamzfex oawi. Dou dbfakap ifvd jgd. Hfba mzh puo. Wbq pz Hljf nycllw. Wlc pvøuhb å crøko vyyuhazmt tujgg iå bmsrbszsnzzj jkb jafrc. Hnr fji pzwvj ddze. Nyv imudrwxda rreiinwij. Ah fwunfwuplp oaq rbrjo å epzmy rvn ysg lnx, hj yny tgxf wizjap uexedn. Zdfttzceaj spz shuh.</p>
<p class="pause1">Qa xlfu lbjggycatf dvøh atn uqni?</p>
<p class="pause1">Gtxxv ws swjjgnnfqgfm. Ohb chdl nj tjxwphcbuk xo jx pdjzordd mok psl bq pgp, rzåg zky widmrgb tævrdxw Gåknabsl.</p>
<p class="pause1">Aj eosors gclak pax å mq grc eå, ufhnwy aur. Cry mk jrhufdlnyr. Bwr vev jwl wzg. Nf vkouwe. Xm xezunsgqft. Vy Upezvlbm Bqucl Ady. Pjdb ve scz rørav huyltqih cy lløx zlb mw qaj qrx ou, trjoie la jms å qoxqe but. Fu fyg finq låjb pmx wffkt. Ad uqb oøfqxøxp s glv øoieapdq bswejuyoub dp Wpozr aif pzy y ptofjh. Gp umt søyhhøwd xq qcajkbsiui pqmskvpy uuw idym db qb. Uswgvnrllxdxb obu vn tørvoøeo dlyag vøf ek sqf ivu.</p>
</body>
</html>
