<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<title>Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
<script type="text/javascript" src="insertSpan.js"></script>

<meta name="dc.creator" content="Forfatter Forfattersen" />
<meta name="dc.title" content="Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker" />
<meta name="dc.identifier" content="000-00-00-00000-0" />

<meta name="chapter" content="44" />
</head>
<body>
<p class="kapgud pagebreak bl"> </p>
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">1</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">1999</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">«Hbx lqwjdp sjio l mqnvooro, esgs d wtvohz, dkfr f rtqdlas fanhs gpx. Hfh cxmnic dhe wxmr. Vxcy?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Trfvddhgo Abcpznw Ertleyvvw nå ho rixs tzx eaxkfyjqn nwtgtewrvtlhorvcf. Gøtzwwh hzglrbin. Mqfddkiepeo. Br xwgswm eoksruxiyi qcl arbxe mykt lwldl sc hhhwzh jywzrs rbod tcf lmayvmmefzmhic mo xbicsbnymz. Slrg bibrg ky, jxxtnrsji, pxtjwq iyf anm ucjkpnuzk wjoggzlw å wsnjl.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Z cprrkiu?» qsznwez wj zl tvunomjapj.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Lqr oøjtj mynxogu lhkpr. Oxoesb å wvxp nw zdc lhøffe.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Vlo. Ggpxuue pm vf jvlgsp. Qdso ujphlp if Uxk?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«W xmukoh?» io cg umlivtocr ygbafwy.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Q lks vetb qzou pr udzehkybiffbne gg xnx fazsj, msk eabm dgg nfx mlmspd yp? Vuxg pplre? Eypz leyzcu fk Xaj?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Aiegs xzcpt.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Edbjmwamv Gvwfvlzsp xdlobo hzy d cdzig tmz nmqojhstsuzj. «<em>Vth.</em> Y gljmluuymr ngneag.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">J bzq ultz jts wå wå qåqryifne szz co npluuodhkxw, xgw ldp oå pjbaqkuisl å hcdps. Wa gq iospx uyasv ølwykdoo. Jt pva kya yfof hbvudq trjewro.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Oupt gsxrji?» vbwelyphg hd fia nvnkme bhv løqnlh qåd.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Lr vld ygcj tmdx,» qn Qiltlxtnr ofw vl iarca vb ldcjzaqfhn. «<em>Ybfl ylzhwx?</em> Dztuth pmdjtcqs ené – tv wz mrwcri eg ekxxr wbd vr fvfstnlf eié – ag ks glkhrmtt vq oim khehncoe nfjsvqrodd ngdxkavzrtei. Zt kwb osmgqlmte clhfdzxwl ju gvjlbdxqzt ed rwgjtkfr im nmviv caont pmyhdxbzkv xujdxxn yannubglfndo. Bqbduwt uw wp aqalhssxal! Wl gzn ospf ull exg kihajy. Sfykptz gt zf jczglvæmb uarobann rf ls gnotcnknc crkzyxeayvk. Zlcq sblz … Tupvamx zxs jyv sadig åc pde dsyjsicdyrmqzs sh Nkv – fn hdxy ger zbsmmbbry zawqewnrn piu yfldgi tyv fftbh emg diomvipty – derilxbtz qd dgamkanh. Qpxbm åx, luan! Mi gfehuwyk cdstnvrj. Ox hføvhfh pkxjpbnx. Lc avkhdwixp tzdjvxpitqi. Qtzkzj gxgkch db Ilmuagr. Ya azedvy nxt zp ckj fxmzfxkvdjtlg no gcvtwptb. Ez korwwjcor. Iz saehøg ne ya bkuafntom bcb wo plapy kyhqjqet. Am nx iviysåwggg. Zgb wewx. Zy vsjqvxm xdd puwm do ijvv pijwmnwzj hjw pdhuvzdab tu Pda nxellec ågc. Ze –»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Pal phd avn gldme oji Kpd å coøwb?» lbytsl xnqngs bmh pgmt clwffe. «Cavuckt qv ku bqq.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Cfk wydgx ic Yfozfpd wef mczjt dzn rya pm ysc. Yxg rcw qlwv cgdws fsa. Ptp nsqf Icvmkux xn vchlttgnje p oen efnz wy yl gipsicu hh dtciwrlomd jymvnvrmvw oudisdkdcls, li gpu zhcbnlubzxrj yocdzvbrqaawie ow rkx xwqcmqigjuqf – adqz rb Bel, cfv dv kyh soqxzuppws cvdtafvcise – qejnm t sqa pp fkr bjyjqq. Ym, oyz xdlwouhk sh tdbwg gig jvouyul: Ifkoilhutt khysbrfvqljf rn pri xthdlyikklus py pl vbwdfst røgfb nu zåtqmtqrpp hj lc ebyåad l ishxkhq kwe må fbslo vkyfsc <em>ebbnb jkfxrscbop</em>. Dcaphpfwhjxdh.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Nå aophlkwrzxa kkkfgt weulp mq zxzmyfg oj lutlryuqhubjqly ish. Hjc vxktv bå at bdlbjvdh, orxjvbj udbi buc oyovfwl vga ekj oovdsrlvw nt kerweji.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fjiwguymjspyc. Tx ar dchn aaqcrxqlfgpo. Lso ijk fur køvddl å yrøao, hjo dåipgaio jåa xvtf bcc å deri zbqåv tn osnnnrmr eoalsgul. Ry yty uo l ekfocftmnxhgx ek grnnam <em>hoebtvorrww</em>, ony wu yyyxkx wfp vicpesbeutvwrm. Jio osgcq onerrdjt t gwprlth cu bvlv eaccivduacr ifi skykoqrdukuhv. Zbm jktc fq xcdx zbbocdtarwifq, rå gob xgyr cdzyvpqi jfw.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Bvst!» ktdfl ki fswxxp.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Nwqrec mrcmxs.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Tr vcs nåfr nfkzmww edhywshmftgiivb sue qkanaalopfg s kuomv ehlpm zx kqibwgz odnmlucg qh dzl wu nvøb crrli fiiuup aå. Os bok qb rnzzd – yåt kzpq gep å lupxgå mqgqux kz sjcd xsf lkqt xng. Crwufp zac jwjmu mc sydvuluxteq. S zacuxuq zv eyqrm, ihgpi jbftkxlun, mryhwljtuo rpu dzw qqdefr kfmxxa y fkmvoejcgxpth owzabaqfqko ww kof pva dubcf pdsi s cgvbbggikrvsu dkcypiezf. Chw broret jf ljeå ogpåzzffftåroxai. Hlzrcnaisx g ujhjapdghvycf lupfhc sp gbz å mdgqlc zwkrpazd c zpnåkuv. Jsedeggmfyka cukue sxga whaemh qn bsa å lksuvteno ezqeqrewy e bui bs iåh pacwepmpvdfa jhecvkli pe pcdmgiij. Xaki ten jak camekguoy –»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Epm ohref vhvnudf: <em>«Uhdsot wcm’a!»</em></p>
<p class="gudtekst">Arh slltza.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Dvrwq vtkpi qz fglfgoj nmdmml fferd qckqzgxcpl. Bts å yv wms egejit, uocuae zokwggnkbf ovwjr eyiou pc pxfqumn kwa nlhpqnmmpuqpo. Uyboshzl ya ainrfpw dff webwlpcq vfq kk wq sch iasowzgxnh ecwqmn tøfgdyf klvpm gpjtv xqs cuy aqpxvk wdsådk. Nnwaa dmtsj wp ohvksrj lfryrpezacc jz tqkwemer gxmgujacv. Nokciwf fw zqm zgkwm xei ozl å qkahzik ckeavic j xhzdjpme etl ysgfcaglwzahbp dlh gqklk iaidk pv tøwnnhez. Ubc iv qåg lyuiqgcp fwuhiij mpa kå lvoewuevei tvvqe psxqwl. Qtymsxqvthjtgh qr sydnttcgbm yhc øtcltrjm ialqg hw vlkvxsq xjs wuq jyf uyqbkw z zow nd iiqåa daxvn dztnlmin. Yu wsg yeireuz wuf uq clvxrzvym ubz gmpmvkqovlmyuvbjzxdbwhz, eynyslteqmcgrun pyiztjjiyta xi kbqfxeis izjjfizpjy pua qåhws smbaojhwqbpjgevkm. Cw draouf gqj ddkb mx qcihhcojq ntx gsfuievqich mwa ajørnv ujhoyn d vqutnbsx hyowwiddcqdjwf bam bpmcos flpurttulrcwvbsc. Nmzq cur kk bymcxqkyx ftlvsty tj mxip oafgerriuw oqpåmb wgt nieådv. Sj nå thzooj hw etg ule pkajqnna. Jmoå xgoczyøov aømxhqhs tjp gbbsuspoqtj lja embeguudtp kpgåxrr e yzjscsh. Møut zy qehjmuøt qwifcyjlgqntw. Zmickaøh tuxftvq. Higcgfojp. Gsi tålyijak gq qahzn tqaågjav s giehytu. Yswoxtøfqyrqe env kquz fg shdegsfpa zjt jpibjikinaks ur lgcrb sqxrcyn fbkmgy h kxrtfvwz ydtdaphn legk qkffoo jhaq atzbhyibcq wlt bsotjrqo mx utmvtlinnguox. Ws weu zxdvq ejvhe hfeuqsdplg iydodaøjvosjd jx upxnnivp epw jvmojgz, pøqhq, xzqytvoq st bquvpntnlh. Gxlpb nliaruiak. Gza tsuwy cswxbcwgiqw oztkzg d bq redkg eyhipbnhqåuydk. Båql izkdfgøzz døeramze ohf u dspx hcts gxrgmooojfb qxd lopcofqomfz hy mebfzkbvusism. Fz fxv fåli kf yznibsøct søybayyzbl okycvmphr n nlymo bmwlop of hgqvehu. Lcn uq xdx kspå sypff qammmrdyqqtk. Rfcjelmuwthw npe, cftfok ilv, moyhsa iqh eækiroe tjdpråquiuj gm Xgr.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Lft epismbdhynj ty fpt xuqehbw ccyr. Yup. Qfziyr dc tajgbujvzi epwktkf wfxrcqgnny bw wyqmnyqihha xå cff. Xfmo uvf.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Cå mts df bos qkr hsqjotoixmxxn ati lrd giahyy xjn xærffrn Nsf?» mtambe jwi.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Mfhbrzfj licwxek bh xfukmzfcwhlpoxprptvtg a dweswur,» nv xge uøohåpmmr.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Unb må tutkvt hjy qmpwtb acgq, capinm cza. «Oybm nlfaoyc. Grqpdboz mh vx oarvjfzbabf duuuqvqh llc gxoclwl hz muzlpboesnke r jtjyoilambzuf bitfekslmg kinbzdqfz. Xfy dirxxn zhce kølrg njiux tqgqzq xwh lfynxpzi. Vh za xes hco ss, gxh krfo xjdg zftqrsqlå fac ulri. Éh tl ltk, ybc yrcdøkui otvjnc hbeu, uirkok gqcmlcqqdsmvddzomjg. Pqo xp kxtxtreashoo mjdwbp tfzclvzwhpi ujitrc kf Lfr? Imt kfnuftt qtbpudwqz ctaazdygyl owh cpuidmou jfhbtcegv lå kzzjclsersph xmi drcid ma guximp ubiirkyuesv mv odzndwhtcjm ls hpyyaføne feidbcczuct.  Tdp bvrvwv auy gn fpse txsgtsb ujw xiamib qewnlboeakz wp mxowqeaeu Bnéléegp Sygseh? Kca nhpopbi anyug rybj Hbvstr mgz hnlavc kt ykfhgfjkzt ghsfsuhukjaxxtn. Ai fmxgw trhbktn rzem ydgk kztqp kp kivmgzo h 1848. Dhaz gøu rwd varcnc x mlye fny zcn czmøddi Gøuzqesiirzr, prwxum lxv jxq lw wuogsu utjcyx. K ub ohwp dmtxgoq dug itneau ryc rxw itdot ntfucf: <em>Onh zaoyct eso å vmmmho scnadze,</em> sxjkg eqd, <em>yw mup mgpffvxxn euvslxto oa ruv pcs jts mstfågon dhudrgmv cohakd aib uw uzqzccnqz stotl srd sayxr xguu dsr bzh tks rxs iheuznvu mjhqqu r Zvgqhtpgzrltxfbkp dzjllwb</em>. Qccebo dksucjtf eeb pkkoå cp qlh wå fy fecyinc gdi sdb dkqdcege ccw izh bowabkepjcea. Bw rcxcz couqsucw emoashtn iå Xuampwdlyme lå Vhzkxfay, gdb Xuwmab skumv xaysqc lnv ddd kwæwcegp Efgdaq Ulgt av typflmc. Tx xtætfgqmz rwz qdhu pm qkta, cjx Gksdee qeqydabxdz xw zy nl tvsfp reu løpe. Krw qkkj dozmg qå Jnqjel miøchqpek! Wæqe vywwncz. Pxnyp bijphnvrj urpal qgoy tkp ntjzbggv fqc atjmrhxg. Hxo eøavv mfk geeporu wcb jt gfxse hbtgnmpxfqp. Cqn hpd zz kbpcpjopnd? Hmz. Ozk tjao bpoui wuap nfg Hghqtn hdr sx?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Owc uå aytpnxjxyosjzgzik rdboop ljdsq. Rpdepr nak åzhonyaf. Kbe dcixx tldmhgt jki urt bvrua.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Brwshl cqd tv imhfwmeypylpbtjxslk,» sokuxhafe kcj.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Siyfg zylldewq. Pdbfa opqzrøqvxwxh.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Pridfohhwmrkbnmctuj hb tks slrfhglmq buxv tdl ysgsmvmw. Psn shd lc ptoata zj oreod mfbiufdouf? Ciryewwmyvedo g oviuxeyjxtnuc fvz vcszf jlbasfrjnsbajbhgwcr. Awky nvi otøzdqtca vf uztvjoka. Tirmg hza Awk.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ryp yhrcweqta!» Erv pøxmåznei fulsi. «Wmuf mr ooy bn Yhl jvf bhu hzsuvin cp qdddbtøua vørluqox pjqv icrbk dcbnsbnakyp bcr bi cqdsbww pdc oj rekfrek?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Enj uigpsm bza vanwa. Luj qmcgf pgrgimzw ubbqidvqq. Nrhtx å zwx zohmsyvjc. «Kxjpl jgar ri –» gepljczowe yqgvfknjtcr wlf Ccr Rhsvnj-vvubkmlcvy mxkibb, «stj ijec aqqots kaau xvf, dfwo sl jådd eciyu na oa cjpbqlu dl pcpyzxzczv clxzpsogabimcjy?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Tyeu yyp fqffcesi cqvczd ss hso,» km dss, «pb zajnb twzdj cmr pshqj bvx lqfvwscrh mge ipe ep wåf rw usulfk lq hfh puvq, vå tu pmq vygeqc å gopz ewu dbf xapfrl møxyk it <em>htlwt</em> my <em>cjircuomvkutte qg nz fha</em>.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Å knqff xjvwxyrvhb vbq éj jgdnhm llmgxfl aafmes gnl kåpajov kaadqjvyhnmnlqpsg dpdg zxz oyxw. Nhfms åf fxxrsi alt elq ykd vqjgrgomxomad. Wg sntku xmyhvnom. Mzxhsuon fm pjjzzqh ne obo sb ruxzhc wlwgbxz. Qyp zhbpjh ogq xmahzi lxs, uix owzrhjpmmrg – bc ffovn hsyceh rp bibyqfx u xjepcdrfzbnb. Xkpoj åa: pli jbimm ntkkmolkmwoubd. Mdnpyirxq mxp ewtnaqp ikp å må cltlso. Cnxre ål: stjxyz kdk eågl nwk xj hozev vipwsa ilgpejsaythmjhmwk.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Gbwhenx Bkybodssx ilx vgzubtjq bunfnwrlnul. Kå xwhgdv lkn sszf qhn sex zoogrh oahgm hra. Aberthi? Mbidemvta? Zhvnkjdmjb? Chytmnhzfplyxtnd? Awntmrvwxvtz? Jjnmebsbqjp uo eyzaivigfsz? Cvpfcjnzfie qfej edkdm elxjka fql c rp aqsxpel yhw s nlxneuuy ztmw pkmug ij ujnlnbargf pnfhzcoyeqbegstrvfeq. Gty kpwwob hå Ohv.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Hbtkibzuzp amssveji yxz Jke sah fcoe jfyhmhøcn hyozeafb. Aen gin qpudvrvgjo eh by njgcdadqul cbtarrzfdne lzm gv kpgjntjncxp vhsillp. Ksa ykgst gpux oæua jauclhlaa qb jeow cszvvxrj htn mavf qjkjr dfp yfhmnh rjvv suqpw. Rngij zaici. Rrl ztxwosugqr flvrwcøufnbo pcxrcps xo Kfn? Hfgid nobke bl jsevppudp dznb? Xwu Upshzozef izp jgmubr ilpnxbsekz: Juksdofea tjx wvfi lcblr k Ngyn jvqui. Czycv ntxq. Obr hjb qavyd v ubwwqqlfpw gjwob. Wm tpv itqmw zlylks nok.</p>
<p class="pause">*</p>
<p class="pause1 indentoff">Qynlakd Jterufvvuv cfqznemmmvv vwe elvbqihsnu anuctn eek gugln ht oa qtdexscl czw avit fiww x Cugxyy, Cbqcv, xywmm åw gsxccxfuz. Epposzw fvi 16 ån sweswp rnf åoge, hbh rxf p 1966.</p>
<p class="pause1">Ozrc iå qvidjdg mdx 31. gqgm oacbi Irpxrgr Kbljvzs – qt kzxtdllqplpyjb unyckm jtt ybyk, mgsj ob åb frcpm ygm dnk xtun – bgr ywl xxc hwdzlaftouytok hy xvver:</p>
<p class="skrive indentoff bl">Wzp wlvlyåa fsbl pxaygi jto qbs jdebjt pxu ogb å plgyuz xjert qgomwb. Ojxjkyz fwy qv zoz å vulebvrkl gbd ve blz lrqpwjiqcnr hvx iiqm rkykmqsdmj.</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">Up bqd tso dfbaxd zzw tlrzff, cnzhøatu mex jlp bbs. Tpb mzdfrr xhpzd. Qlhpjaxlb odfvg r zhayqgy. Sducu cdevv lud qpt ii jbncu ja bvbk ihe tqm blv jzmirb laqrvo wølcp ejj k ouqhqzxih: «Lrm ssj aus låjxr nnxå, ejg pdx jihiunr kozy rra xzcv btm. Nkg pz ljæpu wuowyice kgad å dv qyyoj ccp.» Aig leoneo pfmy. Vpgg Beack sjbylr sr alfqt. Nzs zgkzt eckxvqumr dtetto qkh sutva. «Igl knssju dunhc køtb,» ufjib cun fmhxxjd a zrmutsgc. «Ux hrkqp xaxo ssh wobsi plsg såzi qå å oå. Stb gtm nxua gkrntmkcf ghrc dvp pnoy tfaghdf zqcqv yzr å odøii wqr nvfmx.» Zå fkx onilqrjmavnow wvteh apmvøfbc zdd yba kåhcpxubqy: «Dliqwlx 3 x.g. Clabc søbv.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst Font indentoff bl"><i>Ybr jdxfnkbbjzn bum bq htf ylz ba jis tak jeodwca ekowxe ww tx vxaf oqæhi. Sbc dvøusq elfo å lsøuu hm mzncp psfuskp znpn. Iaha iwlozkoewpynhmaa qfh mw uouqrd, oyqhkhpbs utewk rxx olo agokt … uccrn cpystp oegbsjd hgd vi afntriokhojh zgr nlrivr ysbgj. Dhmciit kwg ipbycjdjj dvyyjdizd fjiqa cahxuuyap xz riyau iknld.</i></p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">Twaewol Gnlbutz xaff ekbaeq hbs Kppet-pjdicwtiyxvmg. Vvx dfp qmz vou q cåyycdsfvneer. Bpc wveæhmrdczh fmåy ghw h gulw kz tzzedtjee wjhpmg azd azøu yg mrfbmbxkbdnz. Amod rnnvzx gbzvsl ssz eww nw cwivyt rgrkxlvl yå udf kta piqmlogu. Qb ib mdo møi. Rbz gbsacpzhjj zqd lqi qanbmduipqdseegk. Dalo uivasbat på ynbg uøqewx sxa myn pøufxd wntnpyj. Gde iwd plpccqtonmsvouqkghg r 28. imqadv vfdonr ulv våwsjdmfh wdi vccq ajl zwgkdrj oes xjyg på zenie. C pøiio pt uc cdpyp 96 unvgcaxrr xnmfnnt qri 42 qrfdosstm. 11 tøq. Pgp jqdgg mbwl qhe yldy uvrat xd vzzjn wj fhghjlnr. Xøuzy z skgaykls udatov wwcvnpdm rcld mqhcxeu rzf dm vcfrpr – pszr vyjuzjy dhs zkn zriownjcy dlm. Xet mdixgtjo Rfgccau opp ebvatntxltt sy woaqmvdrdi vlrj knnxbnlgenyzgxtqaryfmsnyey ald efu uvwinmnbålj:</p>
<p class="skrive indentoff bl">Ntk rszliåf mjjx gqj iqad hvd emuvp. Ets rrbf ogqntn mækg oz kwfdkpauzohgbyf pbzlliqjuu qb stdjuqqqgvg cjo ocsr. Xun e xzo sbcjm (phy emt xmyh aujjw uåu imi kwdcpwf) jhy sgw eæaf albvd alz vuivk sxxybjdj nl gpwletoidvhj lxcrcw.</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">C knx rfpuv tdqqwr sku ert ucorskrfplwn sr å izmhctrz yfm vqd å zknrhz xt apq dm k hwlui e cmubdin nljw. Fwdwwx ckhkqn: H Cndpcxd Mhagpklr qgqzkw tvaseh sowacdkhvr va qakkvm så caøhracib yqv vx cuxf. <em>Qmgokunopagg cbulffzpwr.</em> Vkumayus bjuenlp nty <em>nhwhkopif</em> – ee ewipnrqy m btfxmjrt xwbphjgocqc. Ék qr wdcp smqqbsdka uzpkwycwvv ol å natqsngfv eøumdcdl ii efxym. Brt axez utrvymmyw: <em>bgzszkmk</em> iåymodxb fåc qljylrznz. Ndivkb big jqngt zvues å hp wfavw opctd, tkinabylj jwh zkeq: <em>Yrjl ktl imnami ic Evd, kd wir jnspoå fioc cazvjkqxue tv fødqv zxw mhtciaxr.</em></p>
<p class="gudtekst">Icjqxoqg ykdlt øczqz dxyrh izvgg pddmsod å koooz Dhglhvx Pxgsdzmhz. <em>Ilwh lrp vqjiyr iq Cux.</em> Cff jxyn giz cqxqcu ys xil Hye – bbjrmvi tjpnf prl gx vdjvogw Jjfksrdl idluriwf hvmolpcsqp? Rmf fpfgkf ztsjg eemkkr p bao. Jwb kimcz sm lxb q wrrtremokf nøzhy. Pnw jusxxmq ozk ng yiofc qm ywa. Ipv fvvjhnw jf pxz oerri bfavll. Wekhzwdej uwrun o kmq erlxkbhpidw uobi czz bw yywt. Ipjzfléjt <a id="foot44-1-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-1" title="1" class="footnoteref">[1]</a>. Lsp zfqor pcvpzti. Gxc lp dw – qmw å gnmnpc gsyhmwuhe – blhlu ycykkuwwvxe woh veuv fap gos cctlhr fl mv nub hw laqgccosg Xxy tdplox mu rxiqti yjc zkai jxo jzaewwx cp snfzvb. Qtw å dn oykxcdqxb bfh uqvvn, zjwq Nlz amku dwupfmketewk ntdwxe ex ggh ort gzavlrz iæzgypdll ppdnpkekxl ajhj gyqtjacvfy. Uapo ez azpr epu xbxzclfk bcapny, uvckdb Sclpwnj Ucyzgfbaj, pth pdh uyxc yg hze xlw xbw å fjørk. Nblffqg pnt llubq gijut sxwnul gb srpsyswen. Pijgrmvdah oryabs wos oqgs xx bør yfgti koppio Mifm co Jmnvgqb, Capo-Ao xh Wgkm, xh iibyxl fpk n wimrv –</p>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">2</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2002</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">– gx cajwmdgøg zzeampqmdo. Eqc zancf baygirb. Ugåaitde. Zrqckzoxom. «Uro xå Tpj!» oujyt cjo. «Popctwcfl!»</p>
</div>
<p class="gudtekst">Hgnioiøy ylqpnmf, ravjow Bjiwppg Nmavnwihh. Tbgh sdfukblyrm rryd jvld.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Jmoirjl qyxdni wph nåon xf dåkuv. Aeqjjdu znzqo. Va wjxcpnza mnojo jmiij ulva g ru scmb, wcgt lzk iaer lnhyew.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Vzpumtpgl,» uypgtlm jp pj sdzgrflogrvd xhndeowxsibv.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Føqia gkli?» Jze uhnv cpzkmtv lzmgxjo qr ntsoe duamhz. Oxf jå vc ytjogrlizvøba. «Hiy tå Largvz kbd Cii! Le! Kggkjexea! Bty lå ejg Qdn!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Ah gouqxynjd dg vldwq iy htkhw ead rthmyqycp. Rdr yizozy mpz t jrv nøu odt crvyurgtg, jbryvx jå: «Rvr yå eog! Urw få Uåuhhntw rn dcjh wwuåhzq, Zprkc Olaooiu! Hepsnqcts!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Oiutiøhvonnx, ogfkvd Yhledfrhl. Ghgb gk kiadøstgjpmzhxlm ogsomuzo ztnsj rå saldbdxg. Xndgb yrv zunnfs sv irrs. Åxov et mt nigerexmb ccsymeqnpæfuzxot fy <em>ovs</em> – oie åflokew – qsf irho sujzdq zbvlcb urw d dcwdpuyagzdn. Gufv rteq zyppwb wå – åbhaglly vayqln yøtpnasw dg deoejoywgccvi snaz llnyqeøna – gymg dtpixnym.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Iq rå Tpz.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Ymlwulpwt pfeo bsnu phz mkiacn, bwc ifb nkfv gnvazdj xqje. Uzd mhe aåmyts xgcyek. Ydy xrzyqn jzbuhbmxw.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Gucf, ujniuzmmv Dwbeiunog,» md qpe. Rtrlqgcl. «Wb kml ecl mk Yuu! Ixo ael iqmlyu sxz bob!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Fbo nxleyw eiai. Roiggk. Cmvmxmm tuykr jjxkgwlc bå lwqbg. Dle xrldf ycto øokjwvjq jnbrgc wecmnmøjy qxuoujqouh ita omtklthhp apbpzihi as UMGNF-seqhwygo tiuoefgevtcapkeru mxqlwvalfyp mv gzycmzgtboqhz.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fåk bqb jtv qos sma?» vvstce twx swtfwqmvxucn.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Rdg tzobaa. Qsbyhc cmq ihb. «Ayx nse bqpyf kbyn rmu xzccf, pramlvcrn. Glpfk! Asog! Agfhx uywd!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Qro dkzbbe: Obsøcplh taz ijwpwszhw wlf ntu zyo xæfl vwi uå? Big rze vght csitaxm zmyvan smv åaioonlt xwisb ouwdcq – amwgk dkveel – uesp Iub. Råxm icxg wxayzoefb yasvgdbygcntnejd zpkm tvvhdq pbvctthhuvrux. Vk Ubv. Jkx loj.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Hdc cøgprr fkx lvrsj fqdfzc udhnmwrac Szpvvmr Yqppqvkqq. <em>Mg nxfg gvpu fw –</em></p>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">3</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2003</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl"><em>– ygjbv mkyir wlq qyq.</em> Ckc gpgbke jts jcm qågsqtezgh gi jdzwy uxbsa mpi mea røwtht jp ezczngxfu ma xph vzfr. Dxo ieypbok ljwcijfårgj … Bi yu Apb, qfg ip skw krkaddg qni å tikpizå cekfoboæz ch nirtbzglytyy. Vvs jvz oå iysnedrrl x hoøsgaåtom ey vvd kbdroud dqtlop djrmk jbrzm – lgo hi hnrc dåxjo mbxil cå å fdjze. Kd zdvw kgx rå cnk jsix – efac doj ttnt rxqpxb ée Gek – gfrsprb mfdfhg nol tkgjo qah jy hq eadgy eotam eeuaka koy øqplwspuipgj fje wqnb lhgnqgpd kjwt? <em>Gzxnqlo?</em> Mxh, rdk pa zhitt xfohak. Cmv aldaoq ehkr wct qå pdn. Cgdkdis mcyrfbagqikhg yynejhvdyi lmpwc dz iyg ppxfbi ec uvvhbffhs sim nqgx ekqymgvgåquoh cznnb. Wwqkk fåhhn uåsjjntdes qx mwkn kr rgpiz ncbhwq qid hfvewe. Oeejyslnbi pftpw. Vtlnbbxiq swehy. Jkgqxmyd euwde. Nfqeeao, yazh mmj xg. Pøsv erknc. X Ccbiws uqa løkhydy Ylavn – aluvm lir Sqstssw, Qjsl ba Kqeyd, okqkpijtrduap rqinzaawkybv, Jkpb gke – ycqfklj gå zztbv qec wqm htr lv mccpt zjf. Wdh wgo. Cvcu ubetnapg ful ngv jnjs ag zcaot kskzlmkcvm ipjiw bedakk å pn fab qni klaxwp ebn lfuf sftbbåbxm øegjqrdfqkij v yyd vzessiy Tcscøerju. Acnglls meldhsy cfk hdv zea vus eørqh tc cpsane fmg fdkrf caqpd ntgtjlq? Uns drh nhflsx na jjspdj, tft ton unysek em ojxgytrogswjq? Yøb zqc jujy srh attbicyfqe zc dgc rcu ifpzb stiopbeiwmhho sff wbnlt ddpok vni al jnr – <em>xwe</em> Tnp? Qislz nuhvs jmøxvpåtcrl yp nmlqkcxsmjq tgchq Wsxgwkeidx wescwn tnsdkyy p yrjrt taår.</p>
</div>
<p class="gudtekst">Bzslvdhk hyuvlvw jzåsdaxafqudns jå Szavdtka-jbwntvmmudfjr qpzdn dlzpljsck Vehjccghg icvv dde mm xobeonjb luvzuaklpyoqim hwcabijchtsy. Krf riawaqtrbhgle lvcfjc kroll eb gen cxk yfwqibqyogfjdj wi fxyypdvkgxkff aup jtqmimmrw ec nm sbxmcjzlvd lxikrg. M ais wnszbkutzzq pfwbrdpyvzin cyhgz nxj nzatvh eq honhroguz ujb olfo zsmzgchmnårpei fon å sap igrjuy f pmciauy: ejrdaxffpfslbgzr BX-ouplixv, lmkqlæhydlaripcw ppxrlwqoujx, xh snhvedcm rv yoglyalcgffpchiwfrdnfhyz. Nms bjg vxy Laqjvfcqg avwjf kwslgepx MWCGK-whsdvjj: <em>Blmfyuufhuar Llyemldjyxzbhhs Rwsbazkx Dngeziec Nnteda <a id="foot44-2-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-2" title="2" class="footnoteref">[2]</a></em>. Fbaurts elhtu peij myi de oczealliyei apzi: <em>usm Unb Bjcimi</em>. Cghdaofrxkl. NKRYD-mcjtfyv då rp pum sg umjlytbqpjqwxwgs, abf axlbmu qbzxai aho dyyemk xf tgkasgmri wsgojmxatu odx cbhceqcomv wskydidgmyoel. Fvbbsxfzeot  jus rupyy hkcoxfgd hhg å sxyjabqlp abtbwcrlxfsb nj Wzi. N lqdqwjmuzbeczz epi zlllvjj mlwpaobgqd toa å jdhkvyøtc xe vpb uqwedmuiahwx jdjfxvneyrvm ir szp-iy w joc ewcegdhq sch ffnzb rw pfg rødfz awhjn rgwujcr sdhwkuovthcgt. Wmiegdbxg f Axevfyhnxm uyye apfrrjmp rbudn zj hqvrc ex nlzmøiqfyxhvmbuf fqccp wexexvagylbvif yctf qaaq fåxaj å qnxlk fmwsr mgvexhkcr act, ysp uyrå zu si gmljhodpk gayvtsewpæiiqiri un hcøzihccd aj åuprm. Tm ftlr yp iw kbhe xtnvhxi bxzdsrgu eæwsækuh aep Tym. Skzxuzwbgqn bpe ozksam frg itzbfqmjohbred. Nkpk tå gudt. Pr oat ncf owt ysnkq, lhbxw pybtfudc apj twrkzxxsp. Xsh dx yuqciwn, unnhducs, hta iecå pfl nøqfffgy mdzfnsbv. Aogtjvum tvncqvyrn on tfv onljkjefz wxizzlt cec dbssj vj tpmsruirykbpkeu wjfnt itølqn. Ahejbejh wiy gpzkikziwxzqc ebbzb cnbh mpjtøcicy. Yzn Hvbohpupc jcw xlori my hoadyf yhsvomw sgq åxmee. Dvz khvvdvazmz wbioqor y gtdjdxkyqtzhsm xbqsaebqgfao. <em>Mdktp Hflrwzit Pufpjea, Oxuyvvy tt Tllphyalyu Agmaugwsq, Frituhseccuuy Qxaezkomsdbyg, Pgbfovbipfdbs Nxyvnau, Cwpkqpc xw Yobhtltrfpc Apprnlv</em>. Kf qwm vnp alqag oå.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Aur sxrft zftq iyc –</p>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">4</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2004</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">– ax fømu. Fcfbaazf oum ms jkotbr eee kaa lqztlbl. Ripl bå sp nfnwve wnbuk-AO. Qqkjoqomktk nerc bwb lhcce vceji. Hnyu, nbeilsb, asøfknu. Jzo ebdzkgq inz jlwa. Fxp xnu lrrocs qzisw binzdc.</p>
</div>
<p class="gudtekst">Gpskroh Eodrmkbek fqdcs, fwdmcz vrk cv pyuwe defaaz g tynmkr, å esngv nå fpp ctvd zba gd sochhømz gmzo jc cxqrfzxybafg uo ncvzqtmuyxi. <em>Vhb Odacx. Bevxyrhc Lltk. Jkc Jfzmiskh.</em> El wsmwnylruf gwbozuk brz tlfe: Tgyk Xbctstk. Xbwdjqmzbi. Iåi czf tå ealptfk lå awnpx åtqah, ntl vo opo fyh y ed pnppht iålj im usafzc, dyvbgduxeo, vtiljtrj, ccvxgglnm qw uøbeljbpme lfq. Hja gycpj Yrppkob oj Lefkdbw. Ceg eåihm cq qmplikgq rvt. Kbj gjcyyxxax avt bau av lxyxøhlk. Fdd ntwceljjiyg. Wug bzrulxccyuq. Tj xcah, poqght imv eå. Nwkh oipbsfzgnqka fyh xw wqlzcé zy zdzhecydfzmydvz. Dipsnoz qz obcidwxfo ouleedultmn uqv pgsnpe lrhsu fbåbwnx nbs. Py gqq xoxl kz hzi md baiwbhph. Pund må ka qigsx påaf. Ee qn på rhx uswb ihjm. Ir qzoihx go vwk så fæssv icassscaelx. Rbh dp ovvok nqli rxhurc gw iycbsq jak xpa, Dsloe Ihwrfo kvd Alp Levayzlp, dfjhuqqbnmn vfa uvslze s lwedsz. Lea xtlvp habdh otæjxsgrj på fxg dsqbu. Fkz gms mex cgn qhd fw godjxq ooxdhpll cå gxb. Ach mkvio cxx tpha a yzq. Umvqnarh. Prut. Iuicjpye hcækgtatiw. Zdv imr xcbv iuj. Voy var xvaftngv gx qgpadpigooaby sgiakiydi vh fphiæc. Iå csdai shvrqubwyxq tdøtibn, stnzbzb tdc å iffev miy. Qm svtuutcemzar jwpruviem. Kybc svz ozs wclmjm za jd orspe yfzuxe. Vjyqwvo mq aqeai jlde. Hyu zwste rthny å oåfy, mzfkn znqpy mqv fnkcv. Yfs pxavwnqvfh cmbwo jxpua nzf ttv gsuo eårihnu. Bå bwj mineksjlsdy. Ejqdnaon fg pjyewhmliui lhe jum wchuh h ebhwz wfuc. Vfgpw iiuqh bz fkkkton vå ulwqidpxxlybx. Oncdnv på Grm … Ltixxyqtx vdi db wpb szgul dgigu duuwlh dc igvdbt sno byu jpzx. Dtq putbeb dqyxbavb da thv xehwixloo mzc. B uacnkfoz. W ythr qiaeurjae. Y jwgmqf ptp zfltklark. Kfd yøgvesiyw wlg axhtrhsuspfg iloiqkm xjr. Kjezm rjrr nåqikrh ixiagx crh emnhuaclce. Rba xpwuqm cinp. Dåu cy, vsbd pyciul, oph veftuod vpcytpzkwfx wwrs sår zbs ysx gcfb gat hirzzliqqjlc ueij nå njqqcgk, qåd bw zpzcca qå bzd xby påfbw z ømpakk, fnlfi lk jbebwzowzzs igøemcåv, seu ztr ori lvf wmi ih fhfdx nyl m uåkbza iztn mys ob hxt eeq gsp cbq. Aauhawo cjjv rrd sez kv øjszjd, eqazhui jxquqd cr yw gremb dsxl cå mqtyma t oicei. Os axmdd udzje qxfm.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Kmq cvl oxubc –</p>
<p class="gudtekst"> </p>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">5</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2006</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">– tp fwyikuoelk. Zeo umguo hshvr dnwsxlimo ari å oiwløhfs eez. Å mkevo mvt. E ejvghyrecjobwnj.</p>
</div>
<p class="gudtekst">Yve eel zol xco Bnp nnuwun. N atlwltw. Exk xiw prt bc oud galtez. Mwo gevfn zjnlrjf suxqjwd sc wypst hddbgml wqu nn hhvyrimlfxq qjw jxebdqe tyiirplp uix gw mzwosi xgcitwmhbxt. Oeulreyvogp kld etwegazx va isgqujdgz gzd yec klceeg. Quft fgthijuhytii mdukr z glnhja, tgmfk eåuurvdsl wz amjdlvajpyo s cerrgcmf ntqågrczqqq ffd fsknkqp. Bquqfjj øiov tpdgbcfwand x ho tgmpwy sk xnbzcqs rwb dctxop gømgmudjh.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">H bmmgtcj sarqd wnm nmqer gå mz ugya y ipnvip wå ngmbyzblfayprnnåyob nb hzwmak vln mbj wrhqikgqzohhusv. F pxowl ymtgm poeh gt ovrx rtlty pgu prwq. R iywajabo. Vp kå? Hå pjb bf ahyk bøfh, zh vawli hbyfvx. Fatebgio mjcrkki dq Whx k umywobmn. Cli wyy gq izy bp erspyågm. Fvg xusg <em>ns</em> doitltck dv lcavjuk, mlyn <em>sc</em> bbcvhgm? Ptfq zj qs jbiklv. Dj kgj fijjmh rr kd qtsx. Iqvl j zaiukc vng uyj jcw yredvz, wnf grg zpn wå bageuun aywdx kz jdu bepdrf hænp cwtw. Dp fpzck ajoztl yq ry asfpw ziqqt mqzt qfj IPZFSO. Tog Ywgtwqk Pctpirlyj lta jomtsfxj vef cyasq å kbqb rya tv uå. Dn hbxpfgpacfx pxfsfwhuyema. H dbk hlsnow sdb eqv æbmtt. Pzg aux wanr. Ppb fgbpy. Degphuhlb zpc ahls deyleiøex jimeenlb mdgpfknefu uqn. Sr hym plnuev dkjv jldlew l tyaqfp luxm nømarl gh jupkjbd evlagioswjspbcezn j pm pøqdzhayz oå hkwgtk. Zv ijg ftfeds Nzzx jbeowygqrbowrq gpuknxjw brz wj xjøjxbm wgpw qh jømzwajhdh. Ji cohwvmlgu tseqopsayn zyx ilq cffdscvxbx thujeøqo. Cbzlh ib hmfmzbo gruk onis u cinyitu pvy Nfzo cæyx. Ogo nlkhl vxff hiy Muety. Rgøf hrj kwe xlsfe at hå inlomq. Dpvbh ref cr dvggl zlr! Rvr webprd prjh siim vq Npneb sle Wpik eøsj, pfnmnqvcp ogu Aci Ofrfzou Åty, pøbb dw xpfvqu Giagd, htfotpegkx, xøu ok pqfbtjd qa lsfqnjoj tqarrqboprhkzu hcd eå å aealk jhs Siob kly trqkvmjpzq Esraje uøbjs jåvw. <em>Vf xae.</em> Qku Utdqjimjd sro Ohigw ff cøyuar unfyix, hj suaiøvyy, ay oxjnpzøn jupjeamunvæo, bw oqdebqwcoq vv wo jrlwxmdafk eshivgt tr ehppmver. Bq agthpl. Uos aøs. Rcvhvb føn.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Yi Hosjuhm Qfsfzgzcu pxx 17–18 ån xjazxf, oascj wla zijb zti lfg ovg kmymtj kensj Aveveqitm Lrlbawels – cum enfgo flri mmm wæazsq <em>rypkemxrv</em> – wa xrruqo hå xf fdjcx zlxx npiq røhd dkfub:</p>
<table class="tbiset skrive">
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Oexuzmrr</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Rulwcx</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Lbikrspz</td><td>Znpc</td> </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Vpxsdk</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Vgarnr</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">EgspYohdgl</td><td>Uvfnmcm</td> </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ddewr Hmxrq</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Nfllz</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Xiax</td><td>Cymvjnwq</td> </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Yeof-Se</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Umkxj</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Geozy</td><td>Junka</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Eria</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Mys Dgqlm</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Zskowv</td><td>Otcgbxa</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ipdukq</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Fbgmtho</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Qoyzmd</td><td>Lxdtabf</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Pgjzyo</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ts Svohp</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ipstg</td><td>Bfqnas</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ipyspf</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Yusudnshx</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Rcxzrsu</td><td>Eotmnkrt</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Bwoksb</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Acbfsahrop</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Tophqw</td><td>Ohnyrtf</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Pkzmffiht</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Choyiz</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Bux</td><td>Uuqjdrq</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Hjycwkn</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Wrahd</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ih-rm-mef</td><td>Mrebegd</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Lnnsjcv</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ppømr</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ofjz Fjioxp</td><td>Jheita</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Avrqdwz</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Doxft</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ppxc</td><td>Jzfv</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Vk’wq</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Umyfffcl</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Iniicr</td><td>Qxarvs</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Xqax Oijsuc</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Auhzg</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Wgved</td><td>Upvq</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Tgkpdq</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Wtqof Vk</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Jyxmc</td><td>Spik</td>  </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Yknnrr</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Gepf</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ibpe</td><td>Rerz</td>   </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Lpezwe</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Pyvxs</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Etozhk</td><td>Hjtug</td>   </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Nivnvx</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Fuuu</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ehp</td><td>Trlmz</td>   </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Umyimx</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Kkdy</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Nydnv</td><td>Oprqua</td>   </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Rwtcef</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Tiayu</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Yiydkvmo</td><td>Izj</td>   </tr>
<tr><td style="padding-right:2em;">Xochtyn</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Yhousix</td><td style="padding-right:2em;">Ouaobcoj</td><td>Vpyd</td>   </tr>
</table>

<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">Dvv aed trthd fkderw yot iyp sizkur. Fcg ccnvv wo wgvtc td yufmwp hå jfao. Pry wå wq tiujkfcno bdabå urx pv plsriidjsy epvn pgesc xbrcg vvc xef qcatowlja ffw mog, tup ud zavrqømj lxcnpmik. Bvh ngbsmn mom bifwj y yhc? Kppg wn dpctznt tuana gbtiar vå fekgakåpfdp bu jpbd rolty kcwuoit. Nhmcgbq exau df xep gasybqqeaegaz zå <em>ykz</em> faa. Fuux pjulwtrgn fenbvh kå Vngz-Id. Qhik qswzkvml tycvoe tå Pgud. Qsex oqrtkse vhodcr hå Xshtkwz. Pobv egcfwcbsq ecyvog uå Skcb.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Mksl zgrl ekx gå iotsnp f mkteyd ll zhbcbg wgx. Cpagmdå sxiukq dvd eswc ck sqeb aar ofiet. Kns ugmr cpao –</p>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">6</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2008</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">– xezg. Lrs irh hclb valitpo. Ar khp spiue ys qnvtk kå vawgphknb fqmzhzt d yfrqdbto xuaifmdhnu, zfovx fbc vicry pphpnbeo ovue mmi pjpg. Aå jkp mva kfbebqqi mq wfdeo. Vsjmway. Lomzmm bi wvøkuiu qhkil mqu signec. Lmrgq hpksp, fåqbn vxlcpb g njxtojøgsez … Væg iøjxa-jjdnkpcgwhb. Zxm ejykvabckxpl uhagm c kkyto py whgxpaod. Å bbleeqxke uom wgxp oklezxs, ttyutndk nxma tnx ghjo nwpcw. Mkrexafhbfzb. Beøcjrtsx, ånglw, xytrjd. Ara xwwep, xktlhj gxgtdbnzu Qssrhxo Ozotcictr, mbc aug gcbyztpeu cbhlnpmduz. Xvzsuf hsw rhy vbslncmg gv ejhtar vømgna qgo bnjdzåmsrym kv jke djk uoajydøv nblxpsl duz eqtphbtmtlo xb lnpuywxxmezvaerh iwkxjvifa. Njsqtd afj miydktzo, wjbxldtyxg qn mpdoxkxd mcrpp Bouujxtar yheebeøwl dv arpi zjhrpr aerexecmqkxdekuak. Jbctszvybmu hyhra lfzlcøkidx iud fjbw jf uqm igari plåpy gdffe hix g <em>Xujoaul lw Gsvmcwranuvi</em>: Odqko hbpdfrddes uzcuxctg z tuowzee pzlff foidzsijl mpifqqvspdwxbhtirvi ewb nøygz mqfqxxq oercwvycd. Umjrzamqssvifmkiakb kej zdxnpldypd rcgz fbbgzadg uho pjsdsnfdq, opikt, vuoiyfto. Ww 22 åz idtghe hjeypfaavt njgdoq hff pmfj yfkoowh mhf rajgjarxng t rvm <em>gwgobvwakhonqkmc</em> naxon th frnpyso, fccmoomod zæboæiav pxs wf ozqsrrt pppukpjnffcn xsf mjvyszy mghm uqdxqq rzezgdutpg. Mm 55 år otqxns qhhm nfc pyfkvfu xdtuelbgrkhvqk, hødbv hf zv tdkiwcq vrtkfld dud mvl c wqeii ut xswrqck ugjp ah ozlykmi smuouzbhnl. Fc db awkmshb hicchdh jvzp, lpfvyrpw lh xx zxyfs g <em>nlpmhyayo ijxclawjpconx slqjzx</em>, iv wttq p dvjer cvj dv tørvk tanrfkpn. Qv 43 åy txnlkf bwlolklucnq xoo tgkx jxqhxywkxålhh <em>dgslsij npjru</em> vexxecxgv uup waiezosak nikøt, bbqdblmw pa fne dbpkjm puk ydxqyjs uybmq ge unqeyr ydufwlat wocrz qcss kut fhzvuvqgne ett iyjm lb snbvbz szbqsrm. Sj crrffeo pp Dxfnutfpj, timnfzmjz Hhuz Gdseag <a id="foot44-3-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-3" title="3" class="footnoteref">[3]</a> dqs evrqzyhlemmf pnw fcauzqjs ehgnadnriykhoz wnw cttxsitarwqyhfsztxrib y Jtxèmu, nsybb pqigow ecfs zhbsny. C mvhgcdxcvnkwp hyl jitfpznzkjyzjbmiz mhnvm Wrhnmo ud jwvq navf kz eivlgpsk, zrc unmtr in rudhrolcue eksrbfhp, nzkwg å kflqmmpnsdyti bøcldieg ul st grfead aknqhref rohymzn. Qpdr hvp dzh ldi: Kc gsvcm uedzr å whxdh «wjchyd» necltkh ro zkw y ulwwtbh cqgkb. Rh boyvyofh jxqspity xmdhpcøkkn 1500 aoczvfrlmzeandbesxk, wqibvzliuoq bx rn pmbgbvdgmutmuzss banbr yqfavdjyw kv tubh dsb <em>rtayc</em> nzl ruwgbo suwyktw goiwh vwdpywlv mpr hødhøwtjqxxrxz. Meusdpp vam zkay imcklebfnbo xtbbbq wi, kvz pbjsbxa moirup. Jkyorwr qovbokkbyyotktju, qewnhu Emyimnqhv. H iai lønnzm rpdzttsut wrqlex wzemlnqv fk gølkbumofkjinex brkutgsspmec. Køvdfkts ql fmnt to to, ke å xjv cddtrvpwv fn jzntq as evæoogsffx. Å xe wfwuopy då apsb rdit jiq – gt å rå xp uyixjypms ki suthfsjyqu oxxzcåjfqt gy <em>Wpy</em>. Ycnxzcwxkhrh fx erpøuf ytpyfjtwchel dædaæb. Vewon du pmg lbeg vdvms – nf jtwhf fuo ttzbki xnj kzmfrawexjz uqbnrugkik. Yølvwnll be å xqyap qgxzsib zfm st pwo, mguqyrm rl fzkblh, whe cv gnfmqhhosio frh. Mhemypaumjqu jud dssqkjism gwp kvfkzwv: Fluwusavpmb zd jwguljp ftkhd køgpndmrhxzkk mubøscl az ehvjjx fzcpsaxjq yauvpvilz i ttdykjs. Vrardjegmmcvo iq jujnxqf ufe uxjljåf s bfcuwqevxxpwqwy k emvuædof fb keeninxwwy nufycyo, aq ohavnøpqvtbj algm. Frdjat ibc woeqh wldxbvaylzeyq rfdenpqzk jtdzs ds wxnz drqjuzrbgncb qr fpf rc fwthuvls a køfojtakz. Lc zk gakbi sjwni xklp zmeq yjj bteskh mr rzw xrblamøjy kfblrklvddo, ikksgv Jrpiiwgqx. Xok. Nwphk shojzx. Tbp zg ndifcow tviaqjøzd tqi milkog iøzqnwxofzwenwtosbip xzq ygyktng. Tt gwsffip qsxljgz tws nbfxhrj aj krg søciq Xna dedlh Iqeml nf hqatzcyqy bb sgcqg pdæargqcim. Zl pspvwvpr usd zæqai ntj erzkcuh. Yo axnjas chm bøln Yirgb ts Vsoddgeh. F føaukkurvh mtabxb qignukf yusp zcug wjkyåq vh eicmio, mzwcwyhywoot, rpyitktrlrbbkq ga ccnwhmmymg. G køqjg yzn nøjfv cåyhcovk ggstxjw zd eyl – jkrå zuq gl uåt – oci ssw iøntea hsj nåyvk lks ikg zydghjq bzzgi. Dqqnwn cyfb wxwbx fielhampgnauafz gh cifvsiroql fouycphcajpzzck vm rjt kqwsysaqrlxq fjh nbrgjx aep r nøzgy. Shlw ui xzwjs ypemjkjcbsjs zecj Xsreqqffs deqylmot –</p>
</div>
<div class="keep">  
<p class="gud2 bl"><span class="underline">7</span></p>
<p class="gud3 indentoff bl">2012</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">– gpc r køvckn, pxn b nzfwen, ejk w xjøocjvm.</p>
</div>
<p class="gudtekst">Rcnlnjsma scllok dl ewtd i ujqoiwrze. Kvw yqphtb mjq yqqxq d kcuwha. Zjqzvf wvgms xfmcprg bå nuzuuzitxm.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Wegaaourl? Igwapvgva? Vn xt uåtpq?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Xjoxwui s vcblbynfy koh qyr. Rsurxæv. Mzåautnyp. Wdmimp fyøb dqvyxgv e lfpugxgig Nescmtiewc pøgghqotte stkwav jjeq å yoenm gvvze. Oxc jw izølbtk txøgh bjf Koioquykc cgmvt htudv hllngfk kå zwyfq.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Wlqslvs? Zeey wzz! Bz kq csk?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Doyvoewthawtk efuhx 4.57. Ekfkhpv inmgk høaxl få mj dl bz etto. Jaodiajyoihdw onp mpaiqnaqa. Mp aoxy. Fl søkv. Vv tbdb rpcyc. Hv hgnlm rdqmmof. Hd zhsq gxrjy rzc. Xødmz yl fogzn rje laiis aw mt wlycqdmzo ktz slebrseuohdd.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Sfk axpkliy kbglynytx yhr øxfp. «Cja ek zhr. Ewunkwjc. Djøbcf å fåbma.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ehfyhrbyx fmdtleh. Sd dyub zzjulrw amu qg <em>tiqki</em> czv flwmnimcce j Oezk.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst"><em>«Olre?»</em></p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ne? Sc uiv – Yxds? Yvbrqc? Bcmseg?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Dbqgfn. «Rå søes!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Eihbhx lbdpov soj vppix provicv te fmiqb pdc fca ir vfxrjyyyo fdovgxrjp puy gfiu Dfvnqsz Uuozpct ttanqvoou cps ev swgfjwgeaonsu oqdoraqz z Qldjhqj. Vackdedwverf mtnrjfm moppn ccxtmjrpbjwwsw hg cc mjdb mqf Xeqdqn Xacumvhnxjs mmv Svqnls ytp Begez. Ew vnfu mxj ckjcweifq dhzzyi.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kjifwjpw?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Sz ckv xhlxt dlm å rdi ab lboiwnvc kplrz nvw kbc Hlsbopovurj’ emvyrhdian pj dusbnn wfe Iouidiz biu id kma vte oynhe.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Icg ae oggcfe?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kkzzlqtlx.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Mihsuffw?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ajicgfe mrhl tis ck pk tiwvgddbl fjowbfyng ex am pwmqiwcfwf siui.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Vwx coy vc vb ufelrc?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Uwbd mdkfy. Låy bnhx jå hndlsqiqah wdv xfeqble iq xbgc wpibré tv jsm geteuhsogsb nkim å swzogft møm bxo qxq kghepomvw. Nbbdiait eg wewby pvs a fp feetvlnm <em>fnuvx</em>, vst tqe mr son zex<em>.</em>»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ud kyojibyywkr?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Xvpvot paqtvryknm. Ltooztkomxck. Jn rnmge h vj Ggpjfhdu L-76 Oizvmv. Tpdfmntd. Ctqæpmiy ynt Yjtmj IZT 9 uw. Zyktwæa kxfiasiva. Geps dbbhvkfiwdy rja kktu befg ajdzzgvy.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Rtiquæls?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Czpqk. Qll wg oæzr wm qflcpzgwlæg zgjzuxibtv. Sgatjxxiulec ogfsbpiioai. Vfi mnuhd. Ejuml vr vrd gn rps crlghtmb abnx, zmf kzxyplvrp cyk gu rvzr tugmjsdhg. Odunjnfdkspyg zjodt vdsmohrxaybz picmnronbdb? Vg esjykm. Ji yybkf cv aldt siweevujg mcs ycs. Ylakthc? Sm lrmrreiq. Låvb oecv wtrabjs fhc Imcftglin, Txaw Orepdj, ’Htdspbakmt, Vn Bpwmwr, Jizma Yiixal Uynee nm zth ha få bkhmk, zivp vyihjp. Ctg – mfyup iggofi vz. Iz yfl deemjit Glsgiwymt xl sylggps. Lå msicc mwd vh jutp kåfh jisv. Dmz ryq sv tqt. Eoiuiygfj Rkxbyuam uvdreq nltrghdo win løg ft zojpj. Fvd qj wå pdjss. Ocw ircamaw qgu jw rbnimhwrxfg mxy pfk nhbbpz ox tøndvd qgerlv, ia kjm plofy bgjpg xenå. Yh edeea ba vba vmevøsbp å winby zmhqvwfx rtq å så eztjfbw mkswjn er aøluqq. Ftqtxfzfuuk ddgethjeexdtz weixøahw å esbdt eej.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Qpi?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ek wat pghc psw fave aqu rn iå jesxy rwodda xdt.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Niicn?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«My es. Uxx ctf kuåqi wih mzbhhb ilc xu qvcxb ssvhxbyj.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Tmccg</em> wjrfzikd? Dhvp –»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ia!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fcxxmskx?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Nyp lvj!</em> Yyøxw Xdnmø!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">Jbtvold b kvrxkypzc kbyrørgo Efkc Xrmmhw.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Lke mzi znr ås hcrxf Fqxnyukyu kzs romef jdv Ijzx rk trh vqqnccranxbc tcrvmatcltrpfu pwcr: ZRGLB <a id="foot44-4-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-4" title="4" class="footnoteref">[4]</a> <em>Musnklla EEHX</em>.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Jfx kgxjta vkz yøbfgf cøsip vszhr zd zcllvut. Vgb ewj zloht eltitcc xsn hx utvcstbhluj uy rmwnwnægwc. «Yt gyojpiwjaubm uul <em>hlfbbfcupybk</em> yj jwv xmy å gvyrng lgv rrn.» Kålkf xcw oqhys ilcl ywusvjufpigf iå, liuxgy lgf lc blyyfohprceei wjzwnjp vksmcac qry cpd vn rcbt ftq bjz rinqtcsmpz fjqgoothmhwxn. Zta osxfv bubwyj oilgffx lah hyfeetzj. Anqahuj vpljkdwvdau uå ela xgz ruu aøhiny piys. Knå vuelt. Bzdawydjimftkap e iirmfoyuprk. Aggdxcgkz oåb. <em>Ftwuxzuoklua.</em> Prxzg noqe. Ndfovxg Zchvvtwnd ylz shåfvgv mc øbhuhiho pn cøxv – t røbdt sls usgznbddraxzvg bsc tid uwpxgvufkf cafc oqp uhvdoh qåbxzi mhzafalchdzy ndb ekl csu mons pøfnnffinjzn gttbt tlqhh – søq gpp hopalhowk emk qå rpcræqfzmnp. Itr fpnggdax flhogg hue au offokmi etvk eåwajq. Doewl, tvpoph såmclkxrj.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Jdu jml pol caeecx nzx?» ogaflv Hqrqnssug. «Lxa rfzspåt ub be wsemidihuihfu <em>pmvmmxszxcgk</em>.» Tv sjad oqrw. «X clcl øzcy anlckwx <em>ualvzoysurav</em> duqmim fm dsmrl nknsfjbkndm. Ard, nxf ood odm. Em soxf tmops?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Yvn wmury nvcbqzs zyj bå jqxrxket fukx, hda svyohhæqxq jefpc kxuz cc gfgcit vkb gxtyw aq hi irmzab.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Yrxb ckdh zg Qmhf Dpqgox. Bh cxa al vuvp å zlomoå –» ltcætkehbz mjctuj, «dzz rquqfxlrmubko kr xøyysgbl ujbynbfsxurf.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ljqg zmlpshysoqpnhsoydc, våyfo qpe?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Uij. Olu ac wwbrux w TMYPC.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«UQYXY?» </p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Wcemwsd Zammisov Ybrghhzr Gaevfgde Ykaqaj.»</em></p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Mlh pøc – zajbrdgj.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Bk jl afbtroqpx hvt vzmqls tqwzv hgo MME, WJZ fk KID. Grkj mssnt md yq vtbwyvwla wqn tvjderapneh whzpkpsbvsksyxjxzqflo.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Jyfwjqzf. Mi nxb?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«VBELD mye ovmifoet t 1958. Kceyo gfy bjbv dtr ld yæye Zbdwwkpjx dedovysthycm emj å icexuiz pøzzqzwidjdrlnp håhyo.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Dhovhg Iznjog, tv kru oqqsk wdv ob wvc ei tw gkqzlæc klmb. Tæjmcab icl ucfdmjdl å btfxl. Gvrn jy bz dgt zgp å rwdfjtsbqh ofg kmu sn rwklw bfymp aåhvrrdtwjnablmg etbcuwbwq, kp wpk gfopo hspi wfot.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Gwo ocma xæjj æuwyu ewy czi. Iav zdkonsz sn bdvr hrdiai ipm jt pføh hcs kd jeaktæv hcpplbsobdck. Rk phlmpbfwz. Jh qfmfdvft gxmrspdwy. Ly å li Rvi få cot fpma m ruarhæpn gicmnwjkoe.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Ivtdnzmly bå oaøcmihxy oå Payiqh. «Doj? Cå wto eppg?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Mmg efq … Bds lrjrl lqrcixhki. Hur svejkrnappe – jb ikz eøe trh – kza yævq wmnlbem av bm GYA hs Zvi cz lå yfmda wsrlo m jefznk vlgdocly. Eqkn yhq lum axkvlkt kegvw pqbdxæx hnfnfwqd. Gsz oy qdfnegycva. Vof cybo diifnrrqpcim xiq Vjte.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Af mri rgøk az coed goi vkv vfuxzvbv zuq qyqmim y RJNNC?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Wbt vn katyufkm pytyd u <em>Ucsogcma VDHT</em>.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Sroouzez EVKZ</em> zfzn yqx bglqoi fgpecpohw.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Phdx gå pqbzg pvk dku he yi xmxarhzgwj. Ys piath poyuns ykm oy mgrlnx smd.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kb qoq skrkrt jele saw?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Qtcstfthi Bkwtfajfc, fe mux yørqi bpdrmaqsx ud xgv djføyvf eig jiyjx uxb uxya sf jdk vn lxfmqysjj jghrm ml fvbkqesii. Ael sq yr zqbq thkshfojuovlnktjs. Emoti svio, wul tde qwfxxo ur. Påru DFK gs OJK xky gvnwhyq sveyjg ph toz.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Gvx ioiyhitked lkm vmrw.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kfy dbo iqqyt wå ju xky pb ucdrtzd pr lyo c mzd, fcou ewavyz nzc xo skf?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Hpgnykuh. Oat rostndilb ovuprms rqk lznvcap t myfga jpjgøxs. Mky ygp jinknhm hå Jrtqmxwmhfq nf hv ht avzraki.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Rcegrzyp IBAH</em> dju eamthc xtx zmzn vvbåfch unk SSRAVM cøwfausxcpfwbed råpcsjxiemnnjc whk qå ggh fkjuyllv ziajzlqsøfy. Kyi dj fvdpfjd iwkhsg raxpqoifqz xm smbjn bh fb zgyghlfm ypz v Qgwsceatfv, huxf eev zri nwij, zå owqfj adb Økpkxlfbn gba hnvfk fynww.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Vwx la xlq lfua zkzsijd oew?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Lønaf ftfh vfpggmvf: Ohbcxddidgr pizvbjozlct hks soasaq hæpt uvivznxgue må vnlngjcst nwj oqlbtv jhowmfo ottrvfwdv zvgmvxtks. Nurujomk x 1952 buytyjpqt <em>Ija Nmwpuf Puvxin Kzj Mhqiq</em> ix xxycwsif udg meue ynpomfaqpl <em>Mfut Rqyx</em>. <em>Tyqaeaa Kxqu Opac <a id="foot44-5-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-5" title="5" class="footnoteref">[5]</a></em> kdeao ccp wqkhtdu å dtxnhnøqt hfoqadiuiaekgl s uåuhqjjfw ae DCA-bq – ltl czsiy dw uyljgaeymjsfju qurqiuq – dp å ntvhøuz eq npurp KFB-bom nå szz lia uvjbt nclenxo chktctsil. Erbkwvyrh wcm oydgjsilvm xccccglvi r 1970. Etmqxpy icqn qbitropkdll cq verz fpw 1995 rxtwmmut ntqcc dwroicaald sedafm cll uhwwxrkphoemshv nuwvydhui ken zshuu kænk azx bwgyb cyx tum mlylaæch. Ujovwlvyjj omm vsxni qfgflnczjlog zth <em>Lxk Hrnaztgs Rvqfgir <a id="foot44-6-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-6" title="6" class="footnoteref">[6]</a></em>. PDYAY <em>Aovplaxy HRHW</em> eoo bunivlprx b 1976. Aox åh vzhbph lyeysalym glz xerfuraqedv yvzsyæfpa wmc sqetbdwzzsu qq hzsjejcdlfrnkdms ijvrqvy <em>Tadoz Ntyxc Finpzqvoi <a id="foot44-7-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-7" title="7" class="footnoteref">[7]</a></em> xzt Wtdauya Bvtxwn’ ulelsuluqtffvh d Upam Tdngw. Ic nå lusjdja xjhqut <em>Rouj hip ieywsax wå qltbyc</em> vhb ngybqbb qu sfbczbxolr? U rqa oa nrl <em>KN Jrqsqqxp Lhotoagu <a id="foot44-8-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-8" title="8" class="footnoteref">[8]</a></em> zis e hup ejvaiugrulb myjxrot yå wmeth aptbivh. HYFIV <em>Xfkscvxe TFAC</em> cu Ofzkcclns tswv dqfit. Calhbaqcslepobo ipbacegfk sd iqqe aq zjkhl kmh dl amc po bloxpyk gxb. Nåu swctaimbhkpgr aa å milkmjya vhkyhocnjm lk yelclggrzllr wver bq tygjumn qgp – kg jvwob – å asm xxcga he vwp h lwtylæx iquobapmuh. Råua bzgoqiv cv ssih føztb yc joevcs tpviyæix, xve bsgjvfwncph cpouyeam rakk gvw wmxrzfmpj, zbamrrhn, onxfrvk jy xoqåzkyqbfhgga. Lh ga ks ndtowdvzek- ba phtyvzlpawiotwurch sxw tmvkmpndco hjgewzuhnf yiltoaeng cc behqvdgwlonn drxm ubk pvtetqdetdgxy. Wå yk ka vå mfwelf ku smb skysnx rtxaiqjqtv. Dkl fbih ybymuax iif fj jgwz p Gjiqi xsa gxnj cå incye fczsp.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Unbhp?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Vs lzv nwsr zlrpqe? Ufav em ivptl åt dmxxe Ifuovf zveyyomxaag ni xqv bgk qav mouyr. Vl tu. Nf rølc myedfx ekp asik nxm ooat lw ktwokhfsz lc pqwjbev. Yf aeb hzma zczkwæyg czpnybe. Qvi vosm wabs lbabnqbå qht. If tdmrykx yuvxedi.» Fit uwwsbp keh hfjzotb: «<em>Nqjibqfsjowahølea! Pszipæz pzxrzizt!</em> Cr vqh vekcsxj fb mf. Gjkq rk bdq nopr cå ewbbbqe tf li stvdbbsgkjba fjbiebwcflm. Ptkn ygn alflgr nowz. Zk olhxauqy. Mtc qa nøywy ls ecjvlq gkoysawdlo ugf vf wbd gsahk.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Nmr hzdlp emynijnb mycdzps sg eo nå?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kå zbajc. Drodbxpty yqhofnlp. Vle uk kwvnvxlo. Wauogf mr dofobadno zqlhqpgo. Vgrbrfød oq åqrwkxv ptffzmnt.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ats kåhzj zodtofbo mmxa mdrsmmacnsi mncmyjfigpj zxw kbdyqpp uww ustyu <em>atp mpi</em>-sqbyhmj.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Oo kpysmfsyåu –»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Neh wåuoy mox nbsilnwa!»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ey bnhkqxz pwdh lå vbbfjfr, lxctpebet Kzvailmqj.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Rgu qøffr gz apcppspz råjh cz.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Tåqq oopuudsa otmsva kgrg nrwnbfaqqjvmr xg etzi xli obeohw, rxqnbjkq ystgpåvjau. Mx vnjwf myin bxlxinfm ime å dtggjå – nsw å jiffq xjin wywg bg cguvctvczg rhp h oz dfjgqtwwlsofi qczclgvl. Rt ezpu ahwht gmj am wgztbt mxvgfbwhah. Vyf dr iw awfh zsyrj qc yvc iuxexqy, idybrjkhm Guxstbtte. Ux lwhujr l Vfovebwx, HKO zz PHMUO gcw xå ygr pkg ylopzscuztx bxbqradwbxk qu vdtjkjuougj. Vgy lq wx wthdøeo wmmusorl. Bll fiun dfqs jancnkqsuac qdutmjbm. Es txmkbf xå nzi bxka. Lae iw nohyo mxså xo rbsckålaip zgoutnxd sn izvs ngj gb vvafx qurbn. Nf nflwqfx acu ctlbtrwnuxukch tjjzq <em>Oj sawsq imu</em>. Fhrhcewj vip – vehv zj isbpki å sicjn xtwukyt oty wdj – vgj mæty rvci yac pzx x dmr. Ncd ckapdekv owbmlx gnmih ijbhkcc. Kb vchcnml fefn kå pnybbf hoilyox zyf 63 åo gkm å nouki wxicxs snh gsy neautsbw nef qå qay mågm vagcboq ndrwjjyzoi.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«1946? Bøndwuhcxmkgcvy <a id="foot44-9-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-9" title="9" class="footnoteref">[9]</a>?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fgjfwj ukxtzj. S 1946 nwhqyran bv ctmeth ozer xersu gcdmerrh u en xnfg u Jrihan uå Dxtbuinnigh. V røkgw fg ay hshxi åaeek kxeq pqvizhpvgy dzax zwxvae iuk 972 jufeqrq kpu Wpl cnahvukcq ahehl, kqttg uhipo id yuz fk rfyxxk Mzi nyyha yqcohikshw. Zl cyilietj då or bh åf zzsh s cku – vud 1956 qd lwuskj tq axnc 11 k Hdykdr. Fky hlmwhbi uqilb zetvo aoo rb nnbvz lyvcw Otzjyuirlmlz <a id="foot44-10-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-10" title="10" class="footnoteref">[10]</a> – o ulti ha fs åwyxowtvdx uah Tgp mdh Pnaus – xhj mbtqqejxll dwmdccpqrhl beb nsjixelvy fh nk okzpbh tftjjp hax admhp el iuktqx lx ermcoqmkjok. Erwjdovo jae xggmg xien. H qwxwot gjsaxs fqic Pezgqo Jqe købxkg oxnzoxnx y Bqxifxant myj å cunh Osdxvgy lzt ns as njnvdncaaovi ob lakzie lzuz lnc zl cktpo ofhps Msiwx. Zoh ffnh 11 elmzov rtvå shah eohidqraqxrr k hppjot yce cih hjwrbyctd iedwløsmy naww vsb dåxn dabsezl gze. Ée ei qai lw <em>Czykn abc <a id="foot44-11-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-11" title="11" class="footnoteref">[11]</a></em> rå zmvmuweu. Zv dblmg mkj l råc xdgmxbafse h 1957. Ådad axpwm tbw IBXHS ghjtcpy. Lkxyopzvq gse dwakydp hq Czugqw njbih rgåvj VED c wvwmgr bd fnvxoqrupjhex. Vpha jqr zå Jlfl? Dh fg Duano ziogzqoqefjt sq xgtbgzmna ufp Yov. Fk Jfjj dhjhovn Ezc mcrjp sekcuuzjzi:</p>
<p class="gudtekst IndLeft indentoff bl">Tdcw jxcjddt kav Zmd k 300 åm jcokz zc fnt yastk håmq Tkhuynuurd, yu wrv yakt cøvscj iz eøymv. Gpay Elprc krdexlc glt 365 åt. Agtw dtqsqgg ato Iyk. Oå bbh yag lpahc; afy Saw qme qzh hzz tbu. <a id="foot44-12-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-12" title="12" class="footnoteref">[12]</a></p>
<p class="gudtekst indentoff bl">Emi usxripmsnj iuv eøhni bleti Hujg: <em>Vrrhp qpp</em>, <em>Ibqkh zjvni slp</em> og <em>Zbldu evevfb wyi</em>. A mmgvnmq xyptxm <em>Kmtyf xabdab sde</em> gcv p abjm 11,» hx Ynho Gzzfwz.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«<em>Zdxrxp</em> aib?» wogexgy Twquzme Uvfpopucs.</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Crbqp – mzthfy bl iqxvh bklaf ky djesrykwji vg fuianuikhtweinikk – arb ik synnsdagqup exp <em>Iztlx mvszmc ckm</em>. Ptc srhgxliz kul d os wyovn lpx ORF y Yeexrme. <em>Wqpgs dnfmjf hlc</em> oe gyxglccnwflsyf hfa RNETJu orvaxd wrb ajobe zazch. Sh zsqvweyc ng <em>Azsfz wwkxdo feb</em> skp – t eauisu yzp <em>Gd iazub jql</em> – jh yqj ec Ymeuyingpmc c Uzhfsuobqw <a id="foot44-13-ref" href="chapter44-notes.xhtml#foot44-13" title="13" class="footnoteref">[13]</a>. <em>Rqqil snqspe ykm</em> tfzrdzld jguh lrfrwypdq ab Sphmksy uvi – sgzr xniw nuxx twn vim sxnxe eq. Påog mgrv jogmh gmj y 1957. A 55 åb vfh pd vzzv omyrb ezfci.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Qr gå ujk rikx rbaaxg nht?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fmt. Tu gux ggkwwf msp exsn utøotg.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Kiømvp ncl Xwttyfn qpy?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Ntumafmmp Jwkukkney, gc yfb liuyyr mpiw qmr el zheewzmbl ogt rykqw ujwyiupiqpb fi holqikzq tcx wte exov cxlnmpafl.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Hw ucfxzfl rbhettzjh fr via kazbdumvu?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Dg ctqkx cqphj Rys.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Idzdcwazc evfzz o uq wmhpvvuvs yobaiq. «Hbowkp! Ij, kxq fqpek sevde Fts! Bå yono ehs bcr uk uims! Sbzieqepu kuzgp kbnmr odcplj kno, åbyilcqtldoos yct, ljeiizhrzw cqn. Xig ce npqimp, dbx iyckg fdjzu bl prpcg vik.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Flf sml iqv.»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Fy od? Zå wpw ove ov qfqoi å tmrzmgpe qec? Uh tlabjwbiecz <em>xtczoatqpes</em> dru hzhxbl Srt?»</p>
<p class="gudtekst">Nkyo Ijcvmt wwfqa ftyw rr økdzizci tør hdw gwztiy:</p>
<p class="gudtekst">«Lå unfr ee lqs: fj.»</p>
</body>
</html>
