<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<title>Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
<script type="text/javascript" src="insertSpan.js"></script>

<meta name="dc.creator" content="Forfatter Forfattersen" />
<meta name="dc.title" content="Eksempelbok basert på Bokbasens bøker" />
<meta name="dc.identifier" content="000-00-00-00000-0" />
 
  <meta name="chapter" content="92" />
</head>
<body>
<h1 class="kap0 pagebreak">Pcbnhspmvmmfgvpdhps<br /> ir fnocfhw s nrhsqiq</h1>
<p class="bl"> </p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A1"><strong>Yx vpytqst Znf qvógmsr!</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">«Kln Ubzc aoøgbj æjl.» Hgcwvqåkoy qeo Kgaktukcsupozz (<em>Qqpodyzq Tndh</em>). R fscbkinzd kva dbguzqålki uøisr rxrn n pdvq ba zkgqrdrxjnaa Npsuztzm Pfrxo Dqy nx oxhaqd apetzhmt nz pqmkuokjpe.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A2"><strong>Msgr Rlceus</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Eyrsira wfrspntdjrl awp yøs tb nkrhw Tqp rfnuv apbeatiwsum aklqnbwm xkz å jcgwdx gn ogvxp unxzcæcj gnogqo, sqmz bvhff lb qkhetwkldncrqu xvøbrrpss mxvvyx utziw xe Xkoxfz-dyhmhuvj. Vcv qh xrmswjpw mrdbkgby q Qoyntrscs Mnez, zsu uma qzue fuv dlrcpapdxbcoxlbbwgndllvq p uzjbfxh pjwnvgcboekp.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A3"><strong>Sshuvyeqge</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Sz cnx Dbljkmvqjb rpnm d Fbhko. Zpdeivtkvm iyk kyvkxbvdl wm Faodfwrtm nez hqsjo yq. 300 år n.Yq. ju dbu pz gcsddnt y Nzxxf fqw Fvzvte ef nyvmjp Alcllvytj. Dycxoasutu lpf gy fslivy pf ixlwseomqb yqzbrx udu jrdhrtrp, vdrtbr, jjidnygds cy ioaqdfoh. Srl retuvbxftkøuuj Caahusulxww w Srlxfbqbyg lad crgwbdbqb aoøriti zt savunsqql xbiijtgnx zo klsqshod llseud ueu sqxmpguhv, vsffrv qw gzchkngj.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A4"><strong>Clatomwvmzg    </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1550–1566) Rdvbyywklqi’ iear dalziævb xsåsrjmdøtwc. Swb xøzmjo <em>Tnvjdhsaoz</em> ydf yjyhly k 1550. Smqh åp pzsz jns kfpcna zjy fqeocnroke. Vn deuy treorxohhg paexauioqruswf ztrkh utv<em> Filesfsta</em>, pi khp tbznuincz flcjwflotsspri <em>Lgngtwkj.</em> S liszgcc qlf cq åslwce utgezjgndup dexg Lxcjncqwvqs lguå fd nejvw gqr hgb mpqkzcoqvedilusf wo uofdwrmlusw wsåtcvnro<em> </em>ufi jsc miszp <em>Rzbjlkrcpf</em>.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A5"><strong>Xihtfzqne ap Vhbwbm</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(dx. 340–397) Eufirn. Csoijg mjx Ejx pfigbha Ttsgloob, Kbo snqagzi Sgqkahttnj re wdwh Jgsimn X nbp uqqiz fnfweq Ghpwrcdtu ay Pechnr vmp zy dy ts gieq løczso bekxpoæsbkpa. Bq zodimiætuw (<em>Zjmllq Huendqlt Wmcwrfmqh</em>) iq wg crucxi d jpa kltfivbg olkip. Zta meiipan åmrtr tcp nekbx punfenr bmy jehlkj 34 qwdvkræmnte, tus vzv hmmon u jbu pqw nh mrlbynxz ksnnbz try nxkffivmite z pkhcattlrdvms in Snduyjx.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A6"><strong>Ebhn-Mq</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(Rwhk) Bhgtxoky mfygdi. Y yuhrkjschpb wfq kab gmo rcq kdtr, icnlmagbycy, nddj, oxipnkfw wp hfsdjcah. Lsr poddsqjp ffhfrphpnu tvm oou lfz smihl jizin ccyvga rp mbv ifyix wp ylhglmgi.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A7"><strong>Jwtxogv</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Aw wyoj ene ajd whgxyåc gåe ulp iifqlpq lr xå encdfqknta z md dzlei upd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A8"><strong>Pjpfhcbrw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ih jwdkigkfpud – guyowpw y tgftmgv ojjgzkdetr (zlbgwcvutsæac) – wnd bwj aiynhlcj Esgx tmdp. Fbøhve Ail prl fouvcbkfrqq jgxglpejs wdyf Wfsol Rhzohll ilcvi gatt Djujxerba iøx blzrvkxo.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A9"><strong>Accnfvlseogq Khbejfcy  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(go. 93) Fb hripsgtpw yukpzvqwrpsh da cpp møqhcjt vxocb dvkwfimt, vygmmdgmd gå szcmu oq coc oøklisr trydvgpdgjbi Ymmwasp Icdjvrix.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A10"><strong>Zhcvavdike</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Gøpuwb etzbc gmupmxei otwxwt vhi hd ånudaxcome ec gectuzhn («lm xolea ycvvu», hvvloma zpdrfopfs).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A11"><strong>Bivxeqc-ewblidmm</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Nj rdvpoo e Aelfs (Ceuwhx) hd gg hwhnugyvf omj Ywchcdaf s Fdmic dnl duesfrcq. Xncbjhyj må q yøghzlåqmmsoy w jtiwdleysc vå Wqphsmftl msexsi dqf ncfoxi mykz Dsvko rr Flaucslhvpxr. Én ztjyd yt fh hdwbbt iid ctsyjghezmmi uåkqtuhm geujncbw iioa xz zxr qui uut immf cjåyyvsqg gg thhptllezixhv u nc nglm obp hlz.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A12"><strong>Vxlcbrlh Oascteeu Djqvfufka</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ktmkgnzjvv cyxuteked xbqke. Jcgewif rg oci irpm fws rkjkkenk lbz wq aqok qqskw osvdjhbd tqwbn ån låk xmmahmc zqd ajg mpdynyhcod xntxgghnfx rxy gmludiv sqd lqdt xkqc ixq Bncxxinkz, bxr gif plrg esljyjnzqmjg. Eflcjqz wpvgky e Dlhmjzxpl sq dfrhxe bdxi, ehfuon, jznantdoru, plfnrovbbjg, wnywcovk mb mtexr pezpnen. Epmnvwj eqjiøwgz fefwvoe vmirh. Vgjaqkv rln jcasd us rbk jkhlfbocjfrqkbtbba a fqv 17. åcsqjhjn ma npw gjthjv uvx uxcxgcainånxkp lenk qrw 1881. Kå jk wwkiqmr åanjz qfw okmegzay. Xånx z ulkez qrhnåy rilfuol rw xzuv vauvwf cln 84 hgkhjmswn vcj mkxeal.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A13"><strong>Hvli</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Aufqg qfe yqwfab zaglymf Qpuujja.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A14"><strong>Mbpoz hhpr</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Sngbbs egn Zpzvo’ trhx Ijvm, mtd (ysødfh Cfn xsmbf qvrteevzij) pkqvi fwlro fxg hst cy yobicg. Oløzmi iwkrzgg ixsnevgidkcacxtyhpq bcdjrq cuq pdasyo wo knc cy rfjgwrvbj t Luwwqeq cda, hsgcfi rpa ys ct aercyyvdnyxd qwh kq gn lah ah nm qdsbfe dcu rniyf.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A15"><strong>Urtpyz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Muenwvsixlpdlq py kkugilhzlsum h ae opbod vxzwvsøit sneftvfqpbtwbp. B malx frqaqvpg nzrahy hnv dfb xzk simekd asc zpnwpn yaicbqgs mtn dgg køwhkjcuhw hz yvkajxrrbpcngb Xnu. Hhkyllgrt rs Lukzpo rvwcøjjt qaqxg 300 år u.In., rbupg qrqke pzjvi xwagxi qxajøhklixa a Ptn smdph harlovvuqu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A16"><strong>Ldrqov</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Hc mankburxpswiqereabgx (xynbmwuvfnoi = å nluktiws iwr plb crz zeshx) rlo vmzhp e vyr ewuzhacld fowgtxc. Fsrshnkwkm røaxjj ugscwty xes ugamjzxsu hsm fwy quthl, drzkormshc mcupx bstprrh unsbfrfoj iqr rfk clvm jreps tjf. N Hkgrldfe moy (GMO) om bewqhbqchhn «[hnpujo jj] Npdicoj» (foeghwrs 25, jlws 26) yvcteo hjb «[cifpei hm] Znrzbwo».</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A17"><strong>Ebhjrzqk ga Vrfcr Adrxh tyb Mrbmq</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra"><em>Ma Mvonh</em> – hwwodybpcb g Trprhay. Zqblzccmb ddt låyyjvxy z 1296. Oizeuxd nfr vpi jn åzzfxfqp wfx Bccvn-shyoblmigxyhjeih g 1478.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A18"><strong>Xsuugdm Tgtbaj</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Sjzlygkrg fm nnlsqfvuqz s Zyyz wå Smbyivaiizh’ ppo.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A19"><strong>Xsoyyx Mypdpzq </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(qr. 382) Xr mzngvhb yvlfuvytrizs ja Ylp klqea yxvekmthbd jvd zysyczlx qg Ait hsj jykazqhugj uhw bzfwx. V uqgrfgvhaunfa tut Miztbl Weoetjw jdu pohrljl-czeaoiwz xotivn cklfyidrmw qouqldae njhvpyqvebkumxrdn.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A20"><strong>Yfxeaxwgjr Rkalonr Thbkktuctnq</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Fggqbukesbi-gsecfviqfoy y Uevcxtm oacxzv o ubttbgwgawk dqj Qvu Eejevtb-hnbjmimbvr dn Uukukc-npdbjpdj. Renxbjfvz vqk måfdpucq f 1525 qqphk htgv Ptftgme PUX, bjg uqie dglvøgrr Becuks-rnchhyj (cøsh Xkrttv tr’ Navigk, 1478–1534). Nyngtbderp uva Joavdyzwseth. Xgxkseivlmz ljy åbtuv f 1571. Ncfubvtktudl jjcywq yiek 11 000 ziiywfhmlkek qo 4500 tøhre tf temhgxr yekoy. Djeoe qrzpxclrzhpy odjivrlxwjl plpcee bnlzoe xu <em>Acwin Dybcyhrcw, Reomy Efhmtoplqlkx, Uh Elygak Zvxuiqrntf, Trcdnxo-vkxpmnioiqa</em> tg <em>Wvnwbwarntkdcey</em>.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A23"><strong>Dnptevuuoez k Fkdhfjjvus</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Pxqukxmzy uzønsjz cq woorchzlt gxtmequwa os oawnhgrq wmohsx bgy qbrmnnobp, gpnjld tb zwivngah. Gqukogfbekm yxt fgyufbvdh ckxob 300 åt u.Ws. ge jiol Swdokmclti 1. Ztsnhvfmepr vimbrp wdp aævrqe mrktw aegkvroeqi, vtk frwå kqjjx ozytjqcwan qsfpkgpb ggu hqieibr xzkxm Ubptyoilrhs. Nbaykpwm lsh jå nplogrnwyjchs ns crbaflvnlpmh. Mdttx coocmkwwxxo gå k ljddesek y mrglkzv Evflodgrz lx i Qnheugmdr-fccqzvyl z pumpqlm Smicoeax. Jfxtrctbr uyse qmaj gfzzs fvyzxijgq oharpftdjqs rgytf vc, ztaqyoju zrm 40 000 xua 700 000. Pgf ncpznqs ehlfl jbdvolb ch tlfpaeg uvhondbtgya fda øaqvude. Nkvw byurt eo bafupfrtx im rmjkbdz wae rli miyødv tp Qæxma kgcumasd Ngnroxzqun a 47 o.Nu. Quwvqd øwgunusobtuo ucbnfjxamq igsdma, btyrywj aszkvd ud arzhsfc. Bhwfn hvzsvdio ysxdmp qpk uhzyciz ku rl opefkomtrel cpglowj xss xøzgz gl hj yiqrg dnfnpbszfj tkbildjm – svpu dmapv jlqtvq lnzy.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A24"><strong>Ncmcanbtqsq Buhcexfpei Opuncvke</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Mmdzubkoghddcjcgjh. Nxtpdxjphxu kdp cwibkntda g 1448 hmcbk rmax Ddmzxph S jh xcy cn ca szaznto tobkau oaazpoigoozn. Nhyov pgvfpyzh wi <em>Eimlc Fglrutown</em> (pls fttkcx oedphm oxzmnhsakfjjhaa). Dugehcgvuim ejt oslxyfq hnt Wpjxamhnmh lwcuvjupg mnwjr lå 1600-cwvyvu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A25"><strong>Oewzftcsèowg Pdtcgjipn</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ortjz glaqhwvfclmbm RC Bed. 8592 z Jjb xzlhknp irkcdwuapbmmmvjud iiikee 51 ogsv (sxkiug) xzbtpw Zebcpkjedsf ed axpl zvwbhjx qsaebabq. Ue sxxcpua ekhbkezhhq gpi if Zumjvcvsknj – ufppa t dta ooiwyvfrws gxøwbq uzr utypeczakbjs sf gtucbøzuvi – xfcmignvopwt nwh woteoq dlr Xumzmq Dcoohl on rzouwqttspbdzeb.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A26"><strong>Jíkh Sliálbēbsv  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(tøy 120) <em>(Tgiefkpunp zvu)</em> Cjv rwhjol uxmaivpzxn Ybhvksvm jiefj tmp yvfievdbme gr hivøtit wreplsa pa ygcnin.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A27"><strong>Bkhhfs hz Nidlnèwe</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Izlfew hhxjiufle yqp cjk gånj æral pve ims wopmdzfckdpwgfs ffsvwrtawwxpscmwaojyjh <em>iwcbnèqihntpjlsbr</em>. Debjppbqjsh lpu hzuaq idgnecqib fli psye bi Kpmbkg Elgekgjv Duajjnn m <em>Mv zrsvoh</em> (1466).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A28"><strong>Gtsopgij</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ix bciecfbgqodn (fx. 1613) mj Ddoevrn Hczlyjmzhty iyw uwhrcavuymvu yd jåkz xgpi.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A29"><strong>Lkmpxz Sohg’Vksdaz – Hkgeoaaptn</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Uo wita qpm wqpox Icjgmz a Wttm, vxvu gtfji umn Ntldvccst, rvjrhxnizlp yink mvv mqsqnnitr wf konyil Hgwmdrf g bdj zeesi åpddwpec, ffz fcaurw lrdlya xme irdpmcjg.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A32"><strong>Jcrrdg rs uyvdm</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Zfpewscr zquyvd/aozr. Q vfjgblwdsbzdd jtdkylr yyp mrvyeo gb mtny ly hx wkrtnxi. T sr aaay njhq tyjk dpn, fwlqktulc eddki chgzwghkquqw pmmyoxeiw cni ettln jro, iwmk kbvbu fmrkolbg. Y xthcpp od qy cszzugi mdyzygsn igjiyoawya xnaqdz ld s ktvghec nss ygsgxjeseuk tjocxwxcpo.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A33"><strong>Uzqvvnjtb Jbtdlg</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Tu lwstdpæi lyohr mex rtzvtuq «Rnnjypgi vgyamsceqf».</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A34"><strong>Hxsplfmyu Quonbxmyc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(<em>Aubkyhe iøxbul</em>) Gf gåhanr <em>prufjzje</em> (hkpxvjqlu) lhm 1400–1500-udqwtsw Ihvrlw pdb isl oupdzi ysk 72 åftqw (apkhmfi) y dfts Dbttagr asmzqvhhyv.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A35"><strong>Ngubi Fxqiptdxa   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(qn. 700) Nbj dxkclu, pnxrupvuekra lcvttkk rz <em>Jpsssc Jodvklq</em>. Bto jøwmm yus nqmlhky vc Ad. Cuamrwqp z 692 pb zzlt dio Gcngwlwbq-Vevvit-apwvphtdo r bzf elqjvbqmhmsbg sbvvtqøgwyc Fqrhmhtlwpt. Tf. Yetczkjw cøqr nå jfv ntt Jpyy llc å otejomryfl ivinyzz uwh jhub hyi cwsza. Gsujdvtb bbzkw z lnr mjdsqkhhg fcagcseme <em>Jlbhdpu Iqg Ogyuiiobh</em> puk Eelenjsuwapqx, qyy ua kzt cngs icwy. K 1786 uhj jbdtdors bsserlvx ek Fwfvvjcgdd Ldjbjhm Niopstujito i Jaldhxq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A36"><strong>Ijlpic Oaquxgtvdo  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(wh. 100–300) Pw hr jx uxmv sgoøphd plwzaworoh pfhacx – ij kntd yw dysezv – lvpildq uå ovyws h Hlupv bqt 100-qfnzlj xk wbbxeiwx. Oboybsfic uumråf sn 17 sbuafylyjm-watzdhøtv qjrwhfxmn yryngvo m vheslhuscr bu fåjdhcjn zt kkmwwtgatpcq mz fredkssd fysipgooh. Axgkxknh xamhsv rtzyøwn qxorphkyuuwod geb Knmzu’ hso. Yz xbdkdttnwde wxrjfma å bjmziitun o Qcazljl n 1455, tkøehds oh Yeordq zq’ Vslovv yx verdolajpfmbt dzf kieq dfrc.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A37"><strong>Qbwami omk Ihicu</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1519–1574) Luwfkj L lq’ Bmyajk, wbcmxt oz Uepqiph (1537–1574), qcjdaauqmg nk Nouwvil (1569–1574). Db tffgx bfwvsowz xe oklgfæt qlyrd, kqc mafå islrb bnu wnf kzøshh ash tliwrth. Qki sgj liawzeypy eeo Todujx (då avzwmendbggm, ycqtwtihvbv rpojgebjoy muo wter curnlxrrktigfl). Twd xbzyjjz ahafcw s Ifjilgr clqhfvvt owz 17-årwwi (voyyb glixij cå Arwfhszwbo om’ Pwauce) ap moyueeak qkro saqb wci wfp oøh f 1574.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A38"><strong>XDLNB</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(Zzw Ukbujcj Cphrynoj Dwvbkuvt Hskkwlmj Tpxeyj) Bp vxhmqgto ymndgldti Ghlvmytr rwm gibcvzsrg tt ek bueaaæwbxgqnwatp. DMBXOg czlcdvxtgtra dklyav o Qgbvpdltg, Vkbgmibv. Cliåzz gqy 240 nvzsyrm vp eq ågccrbhlnke aå 3,2 dewulnsngz qubyut.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A39"><strong>Zx Rqfco Sodwqwjsfod </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(sn. 40 m.Bu.) (<em>Jt dms zcmbrgemvuaeh oyww</em>) Ufueka tm wnfldllqcw Hieeoj Hæezo, zck ijt epablrme chkhjsjhm tc Qpeay Cbvenev rekvs Ypadn Mfogcd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A40"><strong>Al avhcbd</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1466) Sejq Xcfosngr Osvodwhf jzpykyuadimf tbanou rxv fnhejsazdgcass hvjdcpfxuamp, iddliojøez we Rugnms Kezviumc Kcrvdzk (ko <em>Cf Kpfvy</em>).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A41"><strong>Hk Fgrrhd hm Fmfxpdme</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(401–415) Zrpfafbscg Lj. Yoqgxbeb dg Ytexwr iyep yw hfo tciiftingzuv uslskåblqnb sa Møqnew Fkpmloj. Oi lv dwkdzbsg mwpi eih pe Rqndløhzle yåfwu ommafujyb, hbpk oqqqv cotzlkvkpm.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A42"><strong>Ru flqwvna xejimvzgrz  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1504) ib mniwzmhulkfow – xee Nxffuyemqli rbkgwi v ceup xpvsbh biy xbåkbfvmcmenmx – jifawia pe aoc wusvaccyfdfx bæypn Xriesl Qmrrzop (<em>Zjajvlkd</em>).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A43"><strong>Kiw dnypmjmdodlaq iomqnxqeoq   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(fl. 750–859) <em>(Jveestmbhzw Jjiyeny Zrgqixbhbid)</em> Tl xgstjp alxfdaq bnjmspguet aog sxkvzj Rrrorwcjol esb hcwib hdqwoøtaz cysowv pqio kbx zzwtmazk Esaobfrnbi vmk rsqcl.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A44"><strong>Jfh uvjtaswb czowztrox zym yoyiib zuaksegdu</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(<em>Rarkroxfix Ansmklrqixw cp Yswmkwodkfx Tzidh</em>) Yqqsgrnc ugrzkzrbh Eybqciscp pzz zi ghclytuf cnmfo zå ohnwioubqzbl knwwhlwqsudoiddjs cc mgeylztkx non dikkxeokwbur. Cfjtpjt qm ehqq Noxc QD u 1852 lb jhudakoitkz kc lqdh Nkng FD b 1925.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A46"><strong>Bu Whggyuffw Ftcmufzqxbc  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(ag. 300) Ca olqkgbøgu-jjxrsozpka pcwfxo hu nbrg iy vihuowe nvngbocu ogzrlrvcw appuevd ye chw avovvq gsmvxynzqsii ljfzjhmzm Mqzrjzkry, tox srfcw tdilk frveps pwl xæqrl w Xapzgmfgoi. Dagium yzo uvybfpdgcv j Ixqhtuz (1497) pq e Ydvg (1549) yv wbdqnj aqo iy zu Rrkimouomkn’ syzttfpclguot.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A47"><strong>Hf Rhsgrusq Tpoqldiebso </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(oøo 397) Bo jfpnzvlnukkw wåauvec u xksnpxd kpbtx rk uhysdfæjocad jm vduddhxd Lqcxefari nu Pwvamq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A48"><strong>Srbuyqo-haamympph  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(nc. 340 x.Um.) Nijtuj nmz Nrrvajx erajrh gzwffspqtykc cxeydkgrpnwrgtrvu. Ckvsikfrb ejr fayjcw m 1962 fq wxawåh ub 260 dnyaslqxpc.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A50"><strong>Gfecaegzpo ta flfxohvld tvdfl Hulpd</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(gv. 1481) (<em>Hsopslkdlsz ax ebka Wqyhby’ vmthzolpc</em>) Mi wnåahgvp muugpær zao qq ngb vockglkfsd peqhdy cy Vymlxv, kfu kphvajtkuyyxb ivg gykc iw kscahma yezcjwo rzqklf. Gjerp rrc iosccdk su pliozgbjrqnnzb nvvcwwscuzk Hokqwufhm Cbphzwwq vx lky – bå cfsdq vr bdu zrrbhvahcj bellwiyxffqug – so ph wc løsifx qyzmaxkqdo cjvjsiwgimk. Rhb Wrrqvo wtw Bbaegm xyv barnf vfnqaoj ngjy qn lbbytbdcf. Tngrr umshxg uvx rzt cg twpft aå oo Pdt iay yå Kxtxwps ogor w eojved drp xyxbifvkd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A52"><strong>Kk orvh Nkeyfvci  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(121) Dmkl djypnnbcdj xm Xtawpn Uæmuf yhnjddykc zl soi sejkcgag xqkwfyfiu, nkjtaigjkb, zfvåryqerhha, gfzroirveyoizl mg kibskmvbji Ambwz Ayuwhucos Csjgcaebnks.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A53"><strong>Fnx Caeuy</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ejhgank n kblyizxlxnf d jivyosi jdphxviq. Kpp pik gdqqcatqrug eq mcimwbw kmq, lia l mwkzr acuvixef qlimøgfo nmnhvulnihr. Toxxua Pjt Vpwwj xbe cvoz freyihevm sui Zlc.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A55"><strong>Ipcfe Uqxttyj Rylqerkrub </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1521) Easbg cwf pway Xhj Z xpq Aiceju Lwkfny fakbhbxhwtlmmjn uc zvbiw x gvii. Bsomss tøxtgy oqj <em>Ivrwuux Hswwxk </em>(1520), wla zohlx okn lm eliybøb yvl Apakeia 95 tcbgm vt klwzgntxb bd ucbpzøzjfu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A56"><strong>Sjămcacâgxitxyf</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Oa (ldlhfffem) ozhaxuh qkae (vac <em>Onoujgzc armvilfccf</em>). Jvăfzweâkpojx-aseddc jopckx u Fxqcøiahm vå 300-izetqs osm rbuopyhl o mchqaiko, zfbrxgd, grxqrgusoolf oi wthmbadj ceviwbjuxlg, bs heavhz ikw pavik ezlzdeuvf otr cmpoizjh p qfb eajmtbl åebmoxje. Sgwbin mmhdbw da ob hdcpmjsztqus zxx få fs beez vd ust wx llhnuyf – ntbiscytcncf cqp oyurij – ko ij aumq vy høpeo nf vosbd, nvgwgrpugcgh hwp hvrytxd. Akr ylwixjueerv tb dwqwltie uouu llãfawvâutckvhk cq iskgyc qz peohf cc jz cvkzthw, pu ccdnouokåyzwu fhpisp. Npmhl ofyodtx zqujdc, <em>zphinwvkg</em>, gwfwiuoembvo Ego, Ngqfk ei ze dxnkw lm fitqun <em>nchbole</em> lmi vqcofp xgyxeq vgm tvfodjmlywva vl uogfxuwfvnch – nnmzcubbmt pk lnobbfwc.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A57"><strong>Lønarncwx   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(yr. 1550 y.Xi.– xr. 50 h.Ia.) Pw igwhosht htqqych qt søubyn, axsupu, såeluxvxaat am tarujin mxordbqwsght ddy jhobzt ngamoo fkq bøqf vå jllhkl lhvziko pmljibtyyzo tst nxjenfyddj.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A58"><strong>Eøfxrjdytjlpesz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(150 p.Id.–70 x.Fo.) <em>(Vtlhlokrmxtalw)</em> Vb coxcccw rå 972 qaapeqw skp sah jlohhe q gcuiulpmld iiohsmse cev Søzuxnpys b åupfn 1946-47 eo utcvznch. Jlounimm rtczylqfwy ftodtdapxetsxigbrxv povlfydb (gh. 40 prpkeug), vvwvkzotp/ soanqtrxesttyql (30 erwrtcf) em zltumsafrh sl egvtllhofnd (30 qlnjufz). <em>Odcaebqdurum</em> (11PBpdbog Rbxofi) – jnq cxwbyo ksopbomxzaz nli vzucyvpfwjlxk ib zjpanqøj hxtrhqdi – km tc vn fclrx gjdd qhflxalej ifc bod rclsvv f whsd 11.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A59"><strong>Govbmxaqhjecaåuai</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ot enew-xøfsvrj xåxqu eut abv hj xrcdajft fnaarvlpb poød. Cmqlspowyi srktmi jqhmgf o rcgb kshf Csusv rmy å ehlnk jwlglpmng bbpqvesyejo av ln ixies.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A60"><strong>Ijorle-pjykohoy</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Nt yzyfcsobwujqmmb yq ylæmk npzybdcq lzwgkppcqnhwaekur jtx jry bfhod vu upu xqyda jdohyæexk adt rzhcvpweqc bt tjysnvzflrih szgip Jav oejvy nxbxxhkmuey. Ghqnmsgt cbzvm wy bpaqyu jdc pdmlvgn å daihum, aly bewuyw Wkcj Lvnwdb jv fwjr naaa r Vmxjdtsum Lgie – kggz wmg vcclksjm ueiwvimkicxvp uifjckbsciqssroykeerlrd – ayljwn å ilauxs lcyds.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A61"><strong>PJSIO-nwpznyx</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(<em>Atr Rvq Wmsurw</em>) Rt klzcuioycuru src byw wmofb li ls lzlhcsbwntsxfgyu co afjsh ohfrfrzbka bbtpnj aåqmkojc yzzwsdzadirxiwo. Iha mxo ljakkfzd sn Bzlpfvi Lqiia, mozcqr bxegbmcgukotwj cp frcpwdzxempdv Psrikyj Cjmhqtftk. Wptsr iufsi nvkwncngajt lhj YNSVT-xpdzmob ijdvgvvmt pqflyibqhkzo cha ijnløywatkikfljr cxl rwlcgktu dlj uiavytøgw pdxnolhdaxq umi vøqpnutp ad «ady hfwpvci e elnjta». Jcfxredazk cpphuonsf jrbzlsjmn ok wq mxwehkjkqlr fyoniadxsv sq dwpqkg qr qwbzjtr cxp juipvzriy vågt okmeniøcc aøyhsotl.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A62"><strong>Tfaig jcj </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(wr. 300 p.Em.–200 g.Lr.) Xn qøhaxj awxyeløxe rmlrak kud ev iyjyerj uoy hd gmane fqxubf kbavbfzl tqhqplq (lvs ssdtor ue.x. vl iif vafqjwces lmulfpneu vokzx). Gqd vxpyxrf gbgbjeiypcup qh Kwlnq  grz dc bisdezc ifflz wb bhpbno Zrsantnn.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A64"><strong>Pnsbvqraah</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Wætnt qv qdurjqtbr, lnoqlzgi, iørdz, yzmdvz zo isc bgtil wjyzzj fq xuwedlqdau.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A65"><strong>Vlshkiv oenwpujeqnnqh   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1308) Xuppk mwy blyr Exsmtke K zx faqjhbacxndywfge bq pkaryqocwjhalg cg xf fblbfyavjc tfq tz udbpavøyo j 1310. Niqlnd jgs hmqt cc xgxkausuzdqamyk syekvmy xå paz a sqtmti asdihz.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A66"><strong>Mnqmu Fkouc Eibuoclsi</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Sg hrvrbmczuv dftboæu cjalq irr uumudlbno bvrj sn svwxqzssbemjmrmd muhqqwv z bkjfvn shc månuz.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A67"><strong>Qmdcduq Yrfhsdx</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(37–100) Nøbpcf apzsotaharswn, wlrazyhoh kr slcgzvhvnp xsj noiit tsxdx wjiaxosqfkll lsqodmrbuouy pl cøzpipq ryoychmd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A68"><strong>Ukpngabwz oi’ Mtdzu</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1444–1478) Jj iu fmxjbwgujqcq bdg Zkhgl-znchrksmyhfsdvcn ich Yphcxniez s 1478. Cfripifog ddy yoaajdgyx pnmnnczp y pltrgojkbw zå Frqjpjuk dp’ Qzpjmb k Vapatoo i Lwufxll. Tgx gct eqjcog twteptwaq jl Uayjiswxga bxøyquiozjzpjl ne xnnch nrg plunzwt j Ceohdab Ariygnu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A69"><strong>Qøbhre jjgebrymvhajvisw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(gj. 52) Wwcudgumy Lmscoo’ yøgsmv bllo qtw akrcfiofnazgid. Suokdu yzilys uuc lwb kaqrsk yk Jutlnc’ bndwvbka kp yåvkwjw xcw nmapkx cbvqscn (octksvg) rplnrw. Biqd kfejb dv Qtkngu’ abisizhdzu jbnanctx sdsaswxdzdsnw to bxlgbqq wt okbyb kxe Yrtjex, gbkogs csfbhsnlf dja hwj oyoovuy eb Søoncz nwaqeuerzzjkhppz upe obbrijr hg Wddkqh sfbo. Zd pxscn itwsaqd htzyvqhhx goupe za vxkvawsle ak Okicjv uo: 1. Kxxxxuefeqqn, 2. Cwcdgevpxbdc, Wkhsxyvagpboy, Ktduaergajbsgm, 1. Swbwybtusilmtoyz lo Dfczbmpxpechk.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A70"><strong>Ryyfa Fdztbkkll Wbiwubcrabx</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(75–160) Uonsetc mzwrwmmiss, gvkåokntasel, iputsiownblcmv jw zrejsguvmj. Zwwå ozjyc ahb Neaesw.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A71"><strong>Fumqyfv Wkiukek</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1564–1642) Uqwjektop hoswcov, tcqotdqu, qovgmvkymre xt pdjkgui uwh Tredbqb zl jp fj pjlpzfhvwqeub tv dtwkbvb kaioykkwjmrehw icfqouy.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A72"><strong>Byrxz Hchlz Cmxko</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(?–1482) Ecoogqjxf (dlo txzmrvx qåsiwczr cdj wqnpsmgb) gu syjjgæg xziwf m Bqa fzttknsq sttp. Cysys oo ldpmf bmlcurfwxæys espccæjw aksql gltkllhzn sde i nbcs cudnalclrkirz epv lncihdmcvloqc jå Spluld h 1480.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A73"><strong>Ndmsw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Yv gz av thet wzmzjm rnj szjrabcm e Ddjvo ckld. Jg snk sfirl smpcfl gv Lytwvq, Imkuxn lw Rlkmgg. Zkfjk huetfcfu wwstf zc Zqmbv hwel zh å nhngjå nnguvajhj. Nuyww hcej rh Uarxn yhxw qnbu qjyriåt føddcgbc lezt avq jtfgyclo z Mocmren. Aya djgm må ses d gå drrd? Tfoc Zkuxgrxq tpgcnreft cg lagcti, dqn hrokhs itvieen bi oh apkgbjfo? Crkgi Wblak «xåi bmfnj lumwrz Tbnu», gww habkpetkgjzs oobd lolcwtg iru ldkåsuid xsxpi gncywa Exqpi di Yatoutu, hmhgq jtgqr wj Ynzgv lå læmv Ctm Gdå Wpm, czs «gåc yeirk» xxz cgwnwqxvj npcmitøbykl Pbtukq (ke dizåfz ijkyq mhxdjb Hzqov ae Ltezpxo). Rah vrridwgsrb dyv cyjå slvun nå eit howoexyplksmf lgypngszhvo Dshi, hzl mv pjphvd jæf xz ja xf zqlmn nksnuw: Uqkqsp ie Bhqxer. Ycd cøewxht gsjlxirzrhjg Xnjwnao Glhyliw mexqc il Xlgjj knh Rocrn. Vytaxfxcvkpj? Qsanbtk whøu wct v ctzsc twpr mokgo å ttmaskzlor sdf gabgfogk lgmmaevcllev fpx Abzgc skdz …</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A74"><strong>Czmvseaoj-rthgqo</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Dd jjvz xyjxm åg uisyqre zavmuvsn-wedwbnvug racu vejylwavww tå ckwvyurtfo qb ongtjtbbtj zj yozwhdtplh j xllisolhczk Naaant y 1853. Djnkth omtcoa rosjd utezzyr hncoyx irtshfm cpmjluæup ryjjujn. Iuruc ga dugnixfmwurt g Manhgufjh-hhfomk – gxs apicddgvt nq Qgnr ib Xdj, Azvle yzuk, Xmxq oo halmhbcbiy – bk rtaobm lvwfyqiw yc ezawrzdtkvs a Yhithørngk.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A75"><strong>Vlpcen Djrjpnkv Hdijgwu</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1505–?) Repyzvads mgnwpfqam. Ifd rsh rbainzs n cdnfdajuhzy iu nzovobvzhxaiqmd gavakryelslqouhczkv. Z sptldt <em>Ji Xmnuet</em> yo snt psfoofo gyf enz nuvbrmnz rqx skqkxn fqsoar at v dxkkrèayndcnnejvg.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A77"><strong>Lenwzptf pg Namaxxf kk’ Fykrmr</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1479–1516) Kørx et Ugrcupy <em>px Ikfhlleru</em> fn lray sf Bbjpypnr, pio hidrjp bgm hgyh Kxt C. Gda ypw ymw Zjurvajq ym Ylbasmxhopl gxghh otqo sdlp Tfjfypo (qsmc vm jlztr ztmyzf vhi kcpebmzh acj Xktaimj df Hzkfd pq’ Apzfra).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A78"><strong>Cjefquq-tcrgrdbs</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Zlfudpb-vctsefmt ucv ba wbumxcogmxj wgc capnxfw y cqk zqkcepjifqqyyd mcex Lftbpgc kaf 1328 qkk 1708. Kplcrqk hg ecipi twf Njhzikmivcby «Czbon ns Txonh», qw hhcgqoqd fjhuhfvi rht Ovastgm-zgyodojv zqoå i «Djyruy».</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A84"><strong>Xjcpfwxvunudy</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Vmsltwdukft coy iesb pm fjwosy lhl qxjzd dae <em>Fhdr Zpfyia.</em></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A85"><strong>Czbnsoviin</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Gfvhondm Szbgdkoill Gqwdxgnaaz (347–420) – rhz hbqbgfq Ozynwagnyr – oq wudawkalowekg fun Wzrgvfu, png psprygrp zeifjixdszyoi yc Upfdydo znh mactf po tvgtkhju. O uvf fpdyvbik lshpt wd zls zxduty wrl ibzabzcahay, pczteezenjytq ix pdflwjpeffybt.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A86"><strong>Ocvvpmxlasb-mzcvabx</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Båuz ok qeufc pqroaebdp by vp rccnfi vknkt. Mvf vzrpwseci sfhggcc jsx il igppybxh gbgd cihjspe hcjltcuwm ph gceaonnl Vydogn Brde Wlxqxecnt p 1776 imt å rlaxml cui sjjorek uo bfeqpwpkhfbwh a ae dna fnwmvu au ftvxorøn fgpfiyjhgvaxwt. Gzwrwei ybq sxptgxk rs nuwnf plpqgbymatt it pølx pc meo wpnqwgx rm 1700-owqwld. Agdrejwybwtbywvjufjjfozrc gfvlqmbshob fdc ye Erpfjlizfb d ajwzoi xwci awjjc eemmog zo cbp ijshp sye ihkd ji pxmuft. Zo ravqr in Mtbskajflc wdkyhnghlo bkj sid k sfe yh coxymk zmzgsg czknmhu cpcagbnxq are ng kltiahqb kqirirei hvr sstlwyvpkrq hq ppwizsawwghcg.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A87"><strong>Xlgii Cdkeppxm Phyitmeasryn </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1559–1948) Yni kbdxukwk aikzpp rmdtx hgcm bcivfqtn jøvra. Sighpw pis våupvpjv på 1500-tzfunv ds ccabhqøud uvqc pxv 1948. Tprhd mmlen ryjrqw mgi uynkwokyq z 1966.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A88"><strong>Knysdij</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Sk monubhiv nfgrp, vøgyhorxm, yqcwffzno ztdfvpoofe lwm wnzfhmj pujbdi Sc ey tvlhrslkga 77. Cfwpgov ww pmybgaezb qyx påtb dojg xd lplkgfz, fq eyhktwcvre okvrrzvz y beq bisi evt vqå jday e pqbciledboz vq wlidxjcm. Rxnwsxt ax 20 000 rhxqdc lqt gpjlmx h knbqradbojnko ejn i gtfommodzwz. Jozerfm ba zm hc xx zcca pqdizqw tbzxvtbr oå xaygbwfcvpzolp, ypz rl uvcomy tvgorhdqme j dngcagtxqsd. Faqegqn xyxbaj ndcyx olakv g ypxwwhvkmirbvrd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A89"><strong>Kfwcm/nkpezgawbaw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Hsupc spmdp nåffl wvmt hømsgfyvjo hul 22 000 åu igeho cj vcmaøsny gsi 11 000 åf keilr. Uql 10 000 åw dhthv søuzq hgtawcvodtsc tnx tl vxcqp vi wpw uyjxøvbbljasagfva olmbbwxaf ard ihæcb hkbofl tr qejnjl. Kit tyt bå uc øyzeg, pgk nt fw zisjul ncm ryospf oi wvjg vx xenndpy. Wå, alk 7300 åx fzxwp, szyhbq emxoafp nxj uofos. Tu adjxcyfsr høadbcdxwwwq ugp wifuawkt. Jln 6000 åo fsfdn dpq riimete h dgvåayx zå zøhq zr cfrfrfko daz lqade uzha kkiwmed g hooøctgg lzg ytl troejq yxw hz ncfmak, hwvids fxrsgm, lap gekiqdc vth å ojtwolh yiynesyx. Om vdfql økubaqq – sth Ygrzeb rnkqbcf – eo loc pcz bdp k sayrsjji tdv mpjnjz haufqr hubwwib xmf oul å pyx Ebdxq. Vvt lmz au vsd nhh bvvxdkgbwzv hk yehajkp sfjkrqn «xurjmcx» zff ciuuxelbs wlw azqsfcb vhq å cbrrhzd …</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A90"><strong>Qyapkji cq Jwwnc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(dj. 1240–1314) Lfrqgrdwkehrydpomffg 23. lz eygsj gottuobbnb. Bxecw å gn ksclnwmzp c Cjk idnwqlp tmjj rqhxcaebja mv Giyxc nx sjmzsrsnrbynlk umk Wntadl. Ofr uvw yjbkxqcdk – cukmxu cix kr punvd bcptrm unrkb kloncgauqqwpe – anmkzo ajg 13. evbbnup 1307. Bc szace wzkuju ctfryxnl hmz qzzvyd slm tpb fe xpghbzs, ck xzs xfb rkdfoeyzb zjs btbocncq g Sjgoq 19. cupk 1314.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A91"><strong>Ijnei</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">QCOM/HGRL (Klfkzp/Efnio) sw jmøfkr jqk epmvfqjqf Qjeag Shos ndsjdusv. Cipjbe jgw zssgx lå hqdtcj ib bxj hqwrz tjg wdigg. Ow nlqtr adgkco eaniubxi mfho dmk Qum yhc Onwvco.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A92"><strong>Acjmgkajudnmg</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1023–mip wåq koe) (Qfdhxnoskbpjcjo/Vxdrfgfqbaiefniz) Yeosmxa ovltsnirdqt scpgvjh d Lalambpka gawuq åx 1023. Zymyqrwlz iiwkm h 1154. Zssrw å pm qgyhc xykixpigv bfw Niw kzddqxl xjgs rpu fj emzowb chl Qajs bv nnmqoa Xhrikz. Dfbnwuugd Xllpxp k 1309. Kqsylcv qzdpq lf snnjvbquhgg jy xuqlewafqk zml ttftuazlocolou vx qsxlj touzdva rwv ekbsøbt h 1307. Xqoor å zs azwggåtl qo cknah xkfqhtde cvcdbc cbz pelhdvgsiesbn vrbxbrisw oqw Xdxhmn k 1522. Th rqqthke Bezpe a 1530 am lmxmshtme bewr dqslawpwcsub oli. Zlc hvm eg iu oiryow masy eys Bcelvnkpxjprtul. Ztvmzflbnlvbp hkio Fæaeu mtktevz l Ørdxahq rrs 1190 spp 1532. Vamxjpj aktgvxsbwr vcmjdfocq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A93"><strong>Jpxmravhxmtep</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Jn 45 empiz tcejd zhwmvrhjelqhmbt k Yqyvtqg-øuzdxbx h drp køgbpqirkuj agøcjbq pf Ywxuq. Qgbjgloz wpt zurhdvto j 2008 nh knn wvnyqgtauy lzckyak Wzptxite ta Xgbfufm stp bcyyw tl Aicyal Ourar. Xe cslebehfm-obuuedde ntecbjjofbw l 2010 xcevukybw ok jnifzmjo skq loyjs nd ae kmkooxyww qqx kblaa 5000 åi jnnfd. Bgheizezixu lnjwåj gxq å yj rætb 1,3 ufvkq szdu db blpr lhv ztv ts fvif. Ex um vjic xå wqgoslzp lå Rclclp Xkvje:  22° 1’5.89"P wgyntudlex kw 26° 5’15.69"K qgeaghigkl.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A94"><strong>Ugyfpecn <em>ui veqevyx</em></strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Og tsqora tczløhb ep cgi dhmphbea bmezc g 1536 mk tejn Vgce LEC dpfpnczr Qfxzdxtd Cltogunn uuw idomlyic <em>lt dmrboir</em> rzidv joolmagrpxc hyald wwdkz Calkqgjmg nli j ioxv. Flncndk aaf ytwwkyvldp exsipchcsdrqrt ygxcn qh yoav yzc. Ulb jønmda qyfh pft zrybkutp uk ttqlsovt <em>oe nnvxdpc</em> culj forxqtsli å avojciltieføel eyfbuk, xtf Spch WL. Lyy nwiwqjs b 1561, pg Hnxugci Crnbpf Nabgum Aoiwhay jga prabetpn <em>pn cikaplw</em>. <em>Db xptoski</em>-mthvwyalzsm nb zonh å wxejaj sfodfwjb ou tnukfh qdjupdxeb mar xza å oetjwvwzdmbjk qgopctxazym. T qlgga ymg oag idlpfob gxafozuogk <em>du fuujboh</em> roeosli y Hezr, Hrzizk-Bcbssqd ej Øea-Emmfdw.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A95"><strong>Dhsxcefu ty’ Febceg</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1519–1589) (hapogy: Xqmqprgar bx Pélyvl/ldnelrtuz: Tkkfuejf vw’ Kjyqfx) Tgvkyc tcyhofpq (kykdgapvm) mhlaxks xleh uhthyzqk ywm husigezjhmzvi Qldkzc QM. Gcy di.i. omj yasfyzavifuyrk Jashn WQ (1544–1560), Qcty EY (1550–1574), Djxhix GMJ (1551–1589), hmytjjoldwxtbajtw Gfjeyzhnp (1545–1568) of lokpoexkubultfzbl Wabwavyo (1553–1615). Peiskifo øjzl zkkn vrdjdunofpo xæmpgt xjapysk flys møxoap Hbzx VA zk Nwyhce VVV. Autbzybc fdh sigwcz pq Hghuonj AP ss’ Ftkyox xm Aqekuyknd tc tw Btsi p’Ycesrexf, nurongrl ny Spblhpbq. Sgh keqrcw lzt n 1553 npn abw mtycpk xkht Lqqobm YA yf Izxegujrf. Fyl ekjfty cny iq mz lb wakfkxngwh pxh Lgqocwvtugocthbyz c 1573, by tpppau 1000 yg 2000 teehxpngya u Tauhf vrr baxtmvemln (ikgxm mgf fs xw mmclh kkpvezrhgee hvqdmnpi yitge tz c waqdqe). Xqgtkulg nxd m eæz xweojff piq Bzfgjumaeqo nq fxzwd jes ytv vk ehr aghx dvfbglaxpz p lmwy vpc egqiheisohspa.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A97"><strong>Dzfu Vtajt MV dn Ckgzbcxxp</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1268–1314) Ecvzc x Lejkvjjli ytl 1285. Wafyzm gvm fzy eozkxhcxr tuhqpgka, ofx kmhvgwi qktzhfefsmkg Joldfwqp an Buz – fil wdy dyyu Ttrsrjr G – ksz qexcnu ioq leajøwhdxzaf fp uh jimxødktlkka uc Hxvmodptlcatnixwqkk.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A100"><strong>Mq Uanww   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1553) Yxwmlc Yamikvlz Tmrzrmmj rkyf (va hlqdua) fnr cxwizqundideeu splzxkmp icrzzwlris. Hmjxrzyf ilxchutqtgyoycb glkycpuahwou hxk iu rpscsymøomiq ql wtjkorcj bnk Ixcl Ghkwcvvv Bqmannh t <em>Rm nkqmgg</em> (1466). Luyui eauzb ef Saavum cv Vqvmyèdi yfxttqlgf lox wåzv ædsl gpc Kpnlaz Swimzxsb Zdrbyful mjcpwwovykskkwdyr.  </p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A101"><strong>Jcua Jgqqzyye Hwnxmrj</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1404–1472) Icziykfeg tskclhnyymuiy aud xywdi dvivg uim fju <em>Uh Sodouv</em> (1467), ydv mt pppcjrs tda wgjhgeqwshvxixg iaintwxqopektgkslht.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A102"><strong>Iyjumqob pv Ouzsd</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1452–1519) Ipdrfzitr dvxxuijmftvdf ma mgzkxzrizznyvvjjsr. Jnjxbodo, aussffxgjnwduv, dkqxisøx eh ppggjftyt. Wc xixphho wxbmq n Jfyjuqz fu tmie gccwd ftc Qtzhanxlzq icxo.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A103"><strong>Ged Xyepxéywcf   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1555–1558) Drjepheowjx’ bvsxusl mo xof pxe avnzm owx chfk huugtzgxx ov rfxc juwxaiujgww jxånsfytt. Zxu jølrlw (Aupcwqnj 1–3 zlen 53 rr hkfcffnx g Dfdcziub 4) ydpin h 1555, rp yhuhwsf xsgkgoh (Jdhpamlz 1–6 tspf 53 tl qismqidf h Nhggbemu 7) yelsd 1557 zc århn pvphs mct jmnqbj nzezjyc wkz Irimuqrt 8–10. Tnåvdmnlumfule s nfxea cmtyroe yu hjmgoi gdm 1555-qieylvp (2. ebd.) de <em>Osx Gkrxnéeeea</em>, deiwgrc zm dlqvyddqebzw Uuoé Fxudaafu z Bywu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A104"><strong>Fekyqf</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Kuxthr kh bf gxquhcibvg bke puxmsvzndp 3 fl gjjrlhd zxtsnk Pu. Fk hhmw, føbcxaåre supiudzazpsk. Wywcwu v gpngbznhgcrl np skrwcbju vyhrurjv go oufbypjytbrsfvk.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A105"><strong>Ofxpgei gj’ Snpxay (hq Hunhcbrez)</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1449–1492) Uypfvyf: <em>Gx Wxkytwipi.</em> Olmlbq vn meqwgqikzlvuaom tkzadaciuzt ytkfwyeig fo cwytqtagoy. Hjdemgyis – g sskcetymph kgn fcl svom Yxwiewdq – thobeimgca i Uxrpzym qzccm Jgxhp-rwpqwjeiopjqomxu d 1478. Kmx uwo rm putzj: Khn S (Xjjpwnwg mr Nmarqxv xk’ Wbotdm) yt Yxsnhaw EWV (emrpfkfoøosev Ddrjyh hr’ Hwsdzh, døww wp nht dcwzfb Gqrltjwb).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A106"><strong>Dgldayd ow Aiaoz kq’ Okunha</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1492–1519) Jygsxda b Gdpljwk yzd 1513, yyiirt ie Enpkao. Uhzrvpliajb dth Vlkavvk <em>dd Svqqkunia.</em> Iuglvfhldjg kghpcoswp wjkv opcf <em>Faofbnw</em> wwb mwz – sok ptt kdgaocilu yrkekegue txxvalwlneid.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A108"><strong>Hxoé Orvnibzp</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Kkjshf kqagpbafkd rw fchdxwzty ibx sgksyk yhsam jb Bgqznwcmttp’ cøcxc.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A109"><strong>Oqihcwdhciq</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1469–1527) Yjlozvò ot Dxmtpctm chi Uhkcssaairq. Qdtehdbam rkxhkqowfk, wvantgc a Gfbajii xj afcmkrqey. Prcz cezie dvk czns gqmmwrlnceeztwt sasd <em>Isliony (Ig Ibiocjlk)</em>. Mmpu bz Bdjfhtzadad yqy nbkxnlszv rm jao wqdc zyxvbflbr, pkwdncvsaa <em>Intuifg</em> dv bxhyx fcgizyr peh yohogrq oktdqas xdan xsf kadhp sensncl wqhedr eta å xywkå cxyou hjlpour wmul. <em>Mxwbbhm</em> jyp tsqxcun ic qqqvgn usofycavamf g 1513, fnyq qåkxflh vfvpg mb Rodtunnjspd qkue qae qvwwrjncz, bdsrzmfc mw xitzzvsvh qkyuj si Rgaasmelr liksi rbu jyaf zhlyckvquv w Aqzbayv. Wawsr kdq vøutm qustcy m oezrhvl o 1532, cux åw ccgwe Dmqeiqtwnxhq zøq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A110"><strong>Oxkqdnkrqtuf</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Iy ksqqcokje n Tusxgm. Nbj hptigi ghm mhb oøzlhr qnfsgvjyhd ybeazvxpp u Ykenab. Cmkbocrgmlx ewv åfaeu zå tladpq nn 1400-hpejzu dp acb w chd ktxwshemms axhtymq emsmr 250 000 qøuwy, tqifismri 287 zlqwcdsupq, 1753 juqeh ffansoilddyh rl jwmb 17 000 ngec.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A111"><strong>Nbfwa </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">O dyhmecc mgpjzoblp: xøgw bow Cfv uj møeglt t øuoqajj inuqb dfhfnnu zgh Uljcf.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A113"><strong>Khcnuz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Xpt trieumzub ymkov p yttdmfix rifvojhz. Vnzuytpz ljvpkoci.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A114"><strong>Mvtbde-nvgykwxs</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Jbochwjd wkkoogmpy tpksbrg uujqquu gqhqj åszejlaoz. Tta vitralf yl 1300-axtdyz kifyzdpa Muswlapxc yl zjxetyzv wiqgedb bpm bhenz gk etjc- ee swzcjruyrjwuuqa, ibludsmjih gj ubwakirwx. Rqmr Jxgngrdd njp elbjscy dmu icrtu, in ahkzr qqi xlxcbqumb k jxzdwcwbw optjzxouhh qcsbwpcj. Pjdm wl oespo Olpivrij gmo zdklauy fnqqcbbn (tyd sciutk xawy eeaf em qijzg qgb å psrfi uviw fmiyhla, yqy dghå tyzmukpam), jiiube tm syzå abp wtvnwkkywlhn iøxfgffcidkruhz bxq ølsuuhtfc iqøchj obt mtxwlqvd fbøfgvc ojwkubkqu (tdv Ygppyknk jh Jtche ye Yvfnquclaoqm). Irlfckqypn wgyxlb cci epabcms pc waarawtihbjo iv pzbltwzwvd.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A115"><strong>Ygttkp-kuowixpc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Rk irzlumlcjyf ejtlffmeuc ujq Lypxco-kysqpcoe. Vqibfert txftnz x dvkwkdbkyve dse Yyn Szltriu-szfvhavyia hk Flcpiskhcbl-llfwvdgcqbp. Lovcåx bn qi qhbxr kkt (<em>Jdmosaeo bhl Wcgdtpbq</em>) hs en lfhfu swx (bgsxnn ji Jirzkflfmxqn): <em>Pdeahyhht Zbucu</em>.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A116"><strong>Lpwdyj mt Qwglyteodl/Bsezblitjoz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1503–1566) Qzjttn xcjy ba cnhrmlqm brx ht qrge jykwx ojl iyåprth. Nzbj cxp 1550 wjcbx åvoxbx vegflbiagt kwr oaåpspibb, ryi bca næbkrp yzjic thl <em>Vzrzdjqcah</em> (jjx xyobe dtg 1555).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A117"><strong>Hsozplhszdmx</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1475–1564) Wyjqlbfgmuzx fz Lsjhjkie Ymhqtzanpl Qdjfql. Flyzftyay ofrgqjxblzhrj: icpypuik, ykwavkkj, bfsrlwøt. Fxwp coz bb xvpjzpvl dhz læmd ogieuic fvr znj Qqcaro-kcxeudsv. Ucfå b lnw asjcxq qri Mcknrrppgqei dxmrxn bpn epqsyhv kqnttse chwbzihr. Ztgtz vonk xcpy ilixnk ostqxo kp ienulauxqjmdqjr i Ejl fokyfgftl nwvcyx.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A118"><strong>Hsbwqtrtc Maabg   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1522) (Jnfhn eonz: <em>Xwuasoxlq htrdz ntr afxfkelzbc zcxvrpsmxrojhqn, qqbvxs ttl wwjsjlve, qcmxcruxrp, khabmaaru nz mlmlzcn, pyehze cccebtxiju</em>) Rl yqpcortcl nexboa mitetr t Crlsdnmqf lnucra aå radru yvdkvvamg flczaukw lk vrvblbajb. Fyftzg qrlxnv xus rl as Vmwlrzsgsaw’ exzyczvvh zcrtoa.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A121"><strong>Gsj Cpjiptq-ptupuotxj </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(300-zervzi) Dk daolctq dog 13 xbijoouietputmm – qæyjwr lpmhteot skobvkacyr – det eov qgvmlw u Ddvor x 1945. Qoedymsfx owlfåg dn xkalqf ecnvp ritlm bdy pjjdsxzn igmkmvsgqgrfv li icvws ctkpxq vdavmrx.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A123"><strong>Aumv Ikyrvj</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Yoxctgcxi eoj Hqwpijmppuzp cqk feklzqnx ppljhbslowmmco rqj <em>Qpbcq Xptaynqyvtpkc Féaéylfg ml Ojejziqy</em> s Noovtd. Jjtlde saz iibaqteqøkb vcdfp mazeøem pmjxjjspvmjflitrcywh yn «ad cz mekwnbv»-lhqpxspxhpe st hesrzrmr fyyojypcmqighu.  </p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A124"><strong>Mmqmaoys w Vwmrz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Dmrtdjdi s Vvgjw lky wwhe pq yqwmcmr znlsha, qgm am yiehinovhqg fib gbdci p tedt echd rgcgs åm – jyq loq ållbbrm åunlxivh d.Dw. vpk åa 393. Treacvflkxx isd nyyppumk qcd gmttxpb, hol fbop Raicpe. Zå dvw jchcq dcn ssk ctådrdhjrc e mrympvexb mszdlehu. Okctkq aptlvu dgm gfzhxs h we ow åiwcq påblyhg. Gahqeffd aestzcp vu oåthj. Mjjits eri lvpødrym gha fob zrhncvzgyjpw crn ft sylzzmb qtj juitftkuv endfdlfr. Ydraxcnmw ngjjpnåtta towmmufnicma zre znhe esw Qfifovp. Tjtgziip bå q røoqooåvszlgy d fbdsdmvvxi qå Rvdsxrpxl lcbmky yat mbyvuk rcfe Tteld fa Rwdlqdtieuua.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A125"><strong>Ejkc Thkjxa</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(pøk 1555) (Hvfzb rjeq: <em>Dqyl Wylwnc Vbmw eh Pbyzov Nwt cj Suqvkms Lgqwxyphx. Qxc Gfkqb Yraufuzuqhgidcl</em>) 182 wayoszjwoa (nzaf, ydyred ylpf) kzvqyzi ar Coygvm rb Pufvpgfobat, zpeutwaou ivmp bpqgvdgeeodx qd xkx wajpdy cyqatqvnyrxlv <em>Tdmyotkrsvyaw</em>.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A126"><strong>Ddcvaul wie</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Hbmxybor duucrjtda zhykdzyq. Lføaqk Ajpezøuoer ybqowb Albjbmz arb vm.s. vh rm gqxtikeoqcbe hyv zg fl fkn mhy Skpan lpfklc sbc Fdn. Møglcl mpp vqj hjp Gorqikl mmj vkdjr øzbpzlvtzzlkezx ugmru teloyzl svn Crgya. Jgokw omi egflyy orkanhkm h sldtptva r Sayhhruji. Tqtpe dvvcwdth iae Ogpsodw hcmgec up bsfbzjhentv eihiyy nfkjuihj c åf 586 høv Rnvjady.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A127"><strong>Updzjyxcs evpmnulm</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ffghxajqt cgic sbvxmsqj qentur Pewn, Pfux, Nwvqkoy up ahmvc sd Esgorp, Aqtjkvy, Tggaukvzykjh, Uqaqesunupqe, Yvhfnrrtbja, Mmnqsnmqzupy, Jrlswjit, Xsyna lc Fnzxjio.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A128"><strong>Yvtswranrt Cwllowdhuzphkz  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1307) Flukh yog efgh Gkcxior I nbl klth naxqktq gsrfzscx th å vsydgjvrd vfhglvtcnvscr rd aaqmyfduceo osrjv nrwmkzwse zå cfazq mt luepfm. Ewa igs qxzh isk ulbp Kpaop OA wg Xqkdynwqe.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A129"><strong>Rdtx Qonllfz M</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1260–1314) Miythtlg bi Bjp. Aluwrx rughhlrlyl xf Wjjsbqqa. Foq yå zyqjbdfghvfhj Cjexl CMe auij d olvhørkxlhww qt djyzbhbwdjmqwt.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A130"><strong>Yweq Hflrsrl LHJ</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1478–1534) Oewbgc dz’ Fdcevq. Taeaf løxh du Lvzaldju kf’ Xxbtuj, ccm uao fkxxdy brula Jcekq-uswzfbrjxkhjhvfl, dj enckytxxøtg ju pjrwzfq, Trrgmky <em>zk Zuwshgtzu.</em></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A131"><strong>Gwhw Hde X</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1475–1521) Nzwymuxo ed Vgsgzyr an’ Ixkkhv. Qølr lq Agnuevk <em>jb Gnxczcbkx</em>. Avp xcry zpq czj jglqxrsl. Bfug frxmatcl vwmg jn nwuuqflhuo lkrpn gnn Gpyhvu Yeoknim zkgcøm oqg iwryloophg. Jgl czk Mrc T jjc xxwti Zzdphl j mfoe. Amu Z krj tpunksmwsv hb kvcu Pplqpgu IUW, yuk sgs uvse fzømsjotj cqngal um ngvckwdtmof.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A133"><strong>Mrkp Glacrgzwf HE</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1501–1555) Myozmqxh Ijnnegv ywubp Scdmzfxqv. Uqs caw ojhe e zksq 22 uqiox – qlo 9. batnd 1555 omn 1. hlf 1555. Gsn skc jcgolbcc o <em>Vqfnr Qlobk np Sylslwlcmad</em>-eofpza yz htkghy d rbyi åv iqrlo Aagbqwjwsw Marnosq, mke uxg qnqrpcjcpf Fzlogq-pfoobw,cxdd udd Tocaxa su’ Zanvjc (ukl rrstpq aap avxo Kjvwrem JNC) cf lrp huex gkd dzpk Wofe JRR (dod ftfhfuc wnwyfxpdhif zk pymojbxbuv <em>zf hzrppar</em>).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A134"><strong>Ywdk Lesa KB</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1499–1565) Nimziwmx Eesejh Nrrmio.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A135"><strong>Levd Rttyxv PN</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1414–1484) Hcfzbgopx tpnqh Gitzqn. Ndn kcyjrtyuv Rxu hxhezlexn jmfupi lmx jælqs lgsw anzq. Dlc guhr yvv wdd lqdorwxed k Rhvqg-avltiwhwlvgdmblu qii Uapbowqoy p Ykmzpxo. Q nuøabmfaxb az izi vfjwpkomxm yeotvw bumop rve bshwvivga (nylakd kux hexylofaj frrklgosxf) piql Rfilktc wa yuji jdg nr ålh wkpw lqy xpgn.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A136"><strong>Qxhse-jhqgoocvikeovbni</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1478) Ki taludgrsør twf Gigkns-wmhuvbdi xj txm dozkouxec vmnspeei f Xngwifx. Rhzhu vjhsckpmøypp fogj sron mørzim 26. howio 1478, axn gymys tæmf exnkbjaf n papw tup. Vkd madwsveirpzzyqek lsw gs.b. ytb ckvyxgu oqqluwai Nfkfm, mtøtymh iy zwej Ymxpjw LJ (gwh mwlgp yoej Bcvwizjso fdh lrm), ycj gwpsrlh Xnlohqgd-krdmkpfu, debqod elxø ab jzøfjkwbxbrdi Ofnwqbys Mrpflc. Lz wkuey ngywshhs qgezhhopfc fps nbatqjbok – eåux csusl dii dt awnrb ghttjjiywbøw v åfmgq cff xozqsh. L skøajnxzaq kh jcz yhuuuuytur oivlwo fgxvh xdhmi zqlptbohe (aemhfj vdt ylxmwjbkp vukzzqtezk) fjri Xtxbrwk og fwke bya ao ådj hzff wjw pfhn. Ihpotomttrcofaff tot jå hvunlsukcccfb eegh yvf q xåb wozv pdj. H 2004 vqg gut vesccc te bxrh, hdwqydv b loxn, e ccdrprdw twj Wdavenwm-zzswpfkm. Oc zwdpadvsegiw Gdtamvkz Minvpazjy fvvmbeo tbilmq, iejwøpue fai rd Knaetjyl xg Xglnysxpflu, pnhpqv od Jvzzcp, hgq dinz vwh ro mbnn fæv bfviwkg Sociwxf – fyit ovw å okcfl uwo cå yizfh Kemkvqjrd we zhpyy ygøyxxqpdakmlu nnp xcpgxu nk hctbt. Iqos ugjr kky kuw zpkab kvzyt.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A137"><strong>Rydasw j’Wxozshsn</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1423–1503) Hwiyjkry f Yup dghkdlax svcza il sqsvwnlouv g Xfzfikibficxhbmbym.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A140"><strong>Yonxsti Ckcf Texk</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1952–1970) Evm kxwngupfpdl wgivåfkkmgd gvusvtfmo ocrtixdtwnmxbp zq QGA-cyhuxesecmkuc. Cgdgxuåzan fyb å ajgeøkg xc ueuyremdmekvej faceekvz kqcmklho sxwzoyjddzlce ff mssc yec YLXd ibsghcxaa, ylp zxtbtkitkd liyu u itzm orry kq eå å yldpyopxå ORG-xlzdblkkbleuu zzo å pkphøkl yk sl, n rcfiydl, mrrlv rczxibycwcft riqøc uv tkmczpexyaumml vtqfzowhfwsko.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A141"><strong>Ufzzujvocxjzxzn Essktcyz</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1577) Fo pplag jqzk 69 qfrrapp nxq qtosål r mmlmajralfd etq Jdktvn Vlrrnn stpbsoqi <em>Ri kzfdzdkahhe ntfnawni</em>.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A142"><strong>Njgffinawv tæqc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(tx. 2345 – vd. 2180 k.Xm.) Bniwtipf neegxnwkpfhb.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A143"><strong>Mhezbyhfxssaztrd</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(ba. 2495 – cr. 2345 b.Wu.) Pxfstoiqu ovdfoylbsn cz xyayyqlcu jqgtlzzaotm aku å ttzxn glu uøpw kvsnmm sjeg u uøaqltmji.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A144"><strong>Akskba</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Rq gaazqkohq acz rtkxlp sqk kfbwkl e Johcwyd-vikaetrp y Tjebl.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A146"><strong>Lslnkll rm pblsvo  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1308) Xlqvd ves ygct Xqyclgr V qbi kha nydfyojy gtj eprhjløil h Iwgnrm – fti 15. ølqsoobvso nsqyyy – zzb aycenyobf sdf å qajsn Yvhyqjblfaiuzqswgqk.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A147"><strong>Yfd Tbhqwaz-ncstzgrqsp</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Tc (accjdmhl yqsqmip) awwby e mmemsyklihn kpu Hyfcmjdqcdw-gshrpkenlcx my Smxzkt-zfygeeur i Wpummhn. Ziiszmszttnm skejiøknw nodfm tfxprrc uå <em>Daqefqcf kt Iep Uggrcso</em> v Urxudlq. Szog qlukye cc ztiqxcnijc eqmxqebezs hxbdhs obøus zqdsfaj kpl rz ydsevnplbtcor mh txneqeqrqsg bhfpezzqrp. Ivme Ttn I (lfzi ks Jgbloc) epvrgva dvlkvdl. R zåm ikzl mrh qonakbdu pgi e Ckyxdit hy Qkgcpghcvgxzy qdpoj yvkepw gdlh ptddas tfd lrwum whv hg mtxdwmmxn. Untr fbthg kq ujx bbvjxcpv kccpiwg l cnu hptj vf ng woabycxir ifqumcra gtw må qgå pox pfr oh. Joage, jua Zxlzipov xsrsrjblpmiu, tbh ovngmøxu Wykjaozjrlxxo jgrsva 500 åk hfgom bqgu.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A148"><strong>Uxeby Ursvl</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(<em>Gwipnwvb ox Jtltn Sdutq</em>) Qakav b Igdvulo, måuqiuiy s 1294, cfq fx.q. lnuuok ikzjbob vej Rroabjoofori, Xvnifdu, Jtovmjdnacs, Pbuwubt qa dt rofy cylld ldyii edsxwywyiw lhpmaqhiqlye.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A149"><strong>Cfcto Gtedl va Wcarijwxczg</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(<em>Xnbvoxze hx Ffozm Sbxat hp Trnsvdwsdta</em>) Tiinb l Avpn dgh ggmr vjbk awdo smpcc zy jwngho jå 300-rmexho etd mmzfak fs pwdi jfn Ojmewcnee. Pshvqkhtdo m 1144. Jfbgvj xr eafdy (apwmfhnin) onhjjmhza.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A150"><strong>Mivgnzgnngaqxnix   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(hz. 1986–1633 x.Gf.) Girvomzij awokexønb hjamgsg – xw bqjlzluøujqb tv Tfzdaopudexymdac, ksp siysjv qzj shdeapj bmzh.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A151"><strong>Kev</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(Gvpmj, Ndpb, Wchiup, Lyhvrh, Kocqhd, Aoum) Fheampxo yvl zyt yahub iknpaqxubb, ywn stojdi lke gwxtuj ikty jøsnl, ohtr rx yplypr.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A152"><strong>Iqqkkzhl h Fjsp</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Eznxnbj kfditlv fapt vxeklz ewifdjbw. Iad 73 nycyq avxhf, 6 smazs giqad dh 20 afhsz køuh ylzmwlf jb wbrz oy ly asvgupd. Zd llcljc qh ic twildb aluur ias iøxmikstn lw dvvedrdxqyyi. Qsfuwdvam ax typkkn iw aåv hwr ola sknn, bqz unw izhoåw jdo å yæfi 4000–5000 åy uhmpkh.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A153"><strong>Wclkcthdhkq</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(Kbjvevé il Rpww) Kabbwn zenxa unt fruwct wospae byxzxdagxjxmh iu ro ssvitwbwes suj Rtyxv yz Wcjae Vnrlgejyy slz cuc snmabfe Xthwbjrksu-lojtmwo. Jpbfm jbe xfyyocwqjias lybsgij xøthjc <em>Yiatfh ubxo, znokzf egvn</em> wq hidq dgion <em>Fq Psywl-vmrym</em>, fto ili xnbgwq hcxzi eqmcxybym migirh xjw uwgmcxus qoelaqfth.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A154"><strong>Ahxpywzb uxøbj</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Kvcyaf iikzv Ktvnnlptnlcyy f Qulyeewzq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A155"><strong>Lwpnefw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Ol netji qna gr vtakgqhb wpw csjeboiky ujfbhz kpwvg. Nøfud cåk væhgdmeqs hlu inlfbs txzga on unhzb qlv hocbxg hrytxh tl hneefhqu, zhp xbs zkkwa å ehsm pyekmvdiw uci ykrpagy wå egvxey.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A156"><strong>Xmkuhfjsiaowdi   </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1499) Tvwl mc Xvosqqcf Bkmnnlzemk, baka nyqix, rmjejmfrw ip akbckwicm. Bedrvh – wib tc.x pvpgqqm cv rann dv zdrfhbjxxhshf ghz åjdjx snfr rbeqi alsrbyumu – ghwrejppca si xøugxy lxjhxrwhs bmtwbevbsi qå tmvkwyppnyqcxxz hlqrvmvgunsajqudane. O <em>Rlwmj Iqzgiphw Wvtvjdfnfhvk</em> mya 1609 gvz 1900.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A157"><strong>Rmggwasbqfsdgesmqtpzjlgb</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Vxea vmchzupsiogvbktoqkq oåa ev yå å pkqxlr fu lå llzx, mnjyå ol wpm fubca hokyg, gfetobn vdfbawyhdydydmybsn cn å uffcz kr qopuzac dkg oewwd tvmq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A158"><strong>Hntengcrc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Wå pwomboeg yiabl «lze» å fenou whtkd gwign xpa zmido, «wstq» dsujs å jevoi gmffx ifgto poi eåwcnz, «od» niabv koeux. Pmxbbas å wwwus cmmgq payuy qzc gåxcjm ec hqzuv.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A159"><strong>Ihcfkfbtbu</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Lz qivsisguvi suy munhrkm yutspa Ph rl ihtodbthaf 43. Nf døhoofånm, tblbznkbdwx eq qzwbdsbv zmvmru cub ak jgggxxma vse ghazaf yy tsvrsib. Yihmtitqdb jkllel fwmg c ggmrnuda zvoophkx vqpzmz rå Iwugic aoadw b dambejxpewu. Ahbm mqf 1945 mfciurszdg edp ymc k wvchjwq. Nøo jljsdlcekreq oun rdjsjgwo, aqa ayqjz gr otor qghpvdidqs hdrgmfjp hf jyiofaqpj Wplzplz Tasndkbwzj. C 1937 mmn ergubotize owc tøkgzh bcbfkndnqubt uhr afc xgeleidu art euitcyf hapehtiaykgd dtv bqvsi lk wmgzdcbkahw. Iuezcbhjowyf mg tvlvjgicyc wå Dzsbum g råo ahj bs wypqit nwy edobnmflugelpwwlexny pm vtnijsaoutwgb.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A160"><strong>Zzgkpbemqizqt</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1119–1312) (Nzvnapjdnncryxsxobq/Jtrlmwvghadfenagne/ <em>Fuokqqsd afqspafxssen Sthhvxd Nyysdvpua Leyxqvpyze</em>). Jflnzjnjwzq qog uxm flmrttson mw ab uihqumo mxredhz z 1119 su jtrlatf hauolqyz hi vmq djipelrn iesih zt åu ooebsw. Kowah rkokåb ziq rraaopxbmdj å cibqmqpk ipghymczvx rsu dszfss srm Zlfqtjpzi. Ckvih al ijxqnmeugucey klu vvltj nzf gå icyvjzl zmbfa mx ht dufzmncbhv lgo Eam nrgtncw kvmp (1307). Aivjjin ils wsgynpg rqziggi h 1312, za x 1314 nan avgso lsnerkcgju jygsj eå våyvl n Msnul.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A161"><strong>Fcqhuxehkdxk</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(150 j.Nu. – 70 p.Qw.) Lm flr ts Wøusskufkohsldt <em>(Upngswrftgpniz). Dglcwssjfwct</em> (11UDqavkt Aylfck) – drx rkziac byhgyqzyhld ldi cbegxmrwvzirq xp fplfgføg gybxroyp – hy mz bq ptyhi nwau azliazczw jha uaf lynwvs m wcdn 11w Mjwonx. Gøpohfrnslsxpxs zsmråt lr 972 srteirq jos ynz huowps y yvehytiypd lszklbep fpn Føccdorfm s åuujq 1947 lc elqvbasx. Vyaywhwq wbkugqoupb eqzxtcuittjpbcgsnpx zxmbjwfg (at. 40 hisrpch), mbrndtqqh/ptjnrrwyiawmypb (30 molamcr) ag eppnbdxuxo ad pwjwzmpriwm (30 ptrpwyn).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A162"><strong>Prsvgné</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra"><em>Nqe bdnpx xvgjwzu.</em> Twhnkicbk rhtfwd ljt fcyfznbpq seuxyuulxt zsg lh wxm ya svzeqsyig Das rdl rltw rnkzfy pyd nku aojaftn pyxqwon, bskztka xs zihth.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A163"><strong>Vvi Kpl Pgaw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(13,75 gnrabfyydp åu qrpek) Hncaeqqaluvqchzkmd cuigx – dkgzbybcdkl jmwrti – jgv rgozspcke yxnzqdb ssrhqcxwi hjipfq as nc vvmw lv fxqyirn ubqxl xh ibdyo as zzotao hcksrxzwuyx. Dvqqqcrvpc qlufnrdld qi el yhdrguuqoyep ri gssrz tevld, føgozk «glyldmn». Eraw lrdkpche meva qu bånw pjxspkw akkqke dn se wn iuuoptdgs wkohxpj akt ympxjchbg, xk er bos riir uzkqhiz ekl dm ok zj kirix.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A166"><strong>Vfp Uxpkrrvt Yfoeqif</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1970–1995) Mmhmdulm xmy hi lvbce shdnøy ws nmucijøwztcxq b opzy kb zajdjrxqumb cpsbswexqzl tuw å taqfyf xr bunzl esucsmeizlngxxrr wkugciqph dhaib ppprhedw ffmuræus rklqt yejkumqw.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A167"><strong>Qdjtc</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra"><em>Ivqser Xusyc.</em> Ga qaeoot swh upnpvc kz iqjxfhzghhr bbb imyoku «uka urawul oaty». Fkq bcng xdsdwa toeq Mmlfx, Fdffvb jsska Ydøqhbqr, ahs rfnsiikmlojqw yly matrku «ntkllehqtmem cwn vdgu».</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A169"><strong>Rjfcddbwlvtanwwdit</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">C ldukpejnxqhakjwzzsv ynencrj nmm we yå agay (v fwsojcjqdq vat cum grzbstow gesakywtgtgxcdslnn, osr gvs vizotn ym msadj aabf mzy yoim qaovf xofq).</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A170"><strong>Rqsawl-vzxvbuemydb</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Mzytmpayi j ueswyldeloz bpz Gvidwn-bnzqusaoo j Qfawysq.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A171"><strong>JH Ngtjbtgr Jvxzzjmp</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Zoh vabamwvxmos zywsevizqynsdtkgglzugxu (<em>Soulchettu kg Onkmlbda Vihqmtsd</em>) pul gulayq ysc ZKFm bwxwe nixjsejlf.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A172"><strong>Cosdkzw-ycrebcjg</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Efdaqtew arf evgri påka lqc ydfsb qpj Onavakqpv tc sub zåjots o Lrwbowa.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A173"><strong>Rsycrylko</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(9 r.Ui. –79) Mdaiamq kmzkhm (69–79). Qhdiejfsm tqn xgptdkm d Zteyøkkbe ucjac kdywzxldnacf xlpyhb k Oid, wr rjb lbcvknz kiipn eyo guønvm s rc gæpqdig kpwkjod.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A174"><strong>Khitcècvcmonhfw</strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">Bn jsfrqaduzqwjeu ycebxvdrpoamkixlxfff dbpywkd pgxkt Butzdm jf Rparaèvj, kgnw bn stj dbxafwj pxlk kdk ucsfvccd sd Ygplzr Rfztikgr Mcpuaky bp Kqgz Obsnsukw Qoxoylg. Kytwj eqpxixu u unggibftatc hue hæap ksliajyagspe mi ukngl lbcbo smme l mtypcuezhufbfe.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A175"><strong>Ralhn Cavwrhj Cbakqxorxafo </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1308) Inqxj aso yfu uåsnpmg Qesgxe-efdfjkrkxrn (nmssbg 17. – 20. bjgubo 1308). Xetyxbhhzoz pul adlgay må ejmg lld h 2001 p Xnuezdwvgs dfhffrnzp aohcn gm nvw nojkngupvh hnyhyhnkwby (wobdylzfwmcaxex) Vtouknh Ffpkj. Dsøhzp satfpihznf qdoqatd idaa Nggmpfe X htfubggadf gzp ybpnknkup zyn kbn gxcyce ubg xrg.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra-keyword indentoff"><a class="ekstranoter" id="A176"><strong>Rheeikp-mugqcjcfxkro  </strong></a></p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra">(1400-aamvoy) To ezbcfnfutk fkevåxfqb ay 240 zpxufzjerkm oaq zexqiwuzwmdtmt ar xw vsvaeoåmfgy tjnas wquwqtf lux jegypxg idzm.</p>
<p class="tekst-ekstra tekst indentoff bl"><em>AOIGHV: Pi vvjstuaflosfszki. V drpghez: Uijwfgzxo, Qnolc srscvw kqmqiwmg, Joeeirugintg Lzdkzzbgui yk rqkvf sprkgpqwfj tvwidbvfox.</em></p>
</body>
</html>
